January Elections, New Leaders
The January elections have been conducted at the end of January, welcoming new leaders to lead the Republic. The first round of elections was conducted on the Republic’s Discord server from 23 to 25 January to elect the President. There were two candidates: i____7d and Vulpicula. The latter eventually won the elections ( :( ) and therefore becoming the President of the Republic of Epsilon, taking over ModernArt in office. This was Vulpicula’s short thank-you message:
“Thank you, everyone. This has been a grand experience for the Republic, and for me personally. I shall work my hardest to ensure that none of you will regret voting for me.”
    The second round of elections was conducted on a Google Form instead from 27 to 28 January to elect a Vice President, a Deputy Prime Minister, and the ministers of Public Affairs, Rail, Air, Sea, Development, Communications and Defence. In the end, SansNotLuigi became the Deputy Prime Minister, _HeavenAngel_ became the Minister of Public Affairs, TheSubway became the Minister of Rail, Airplaneguy9 became the Minister of Air, Johngi became the Minister of Sea and Defense, Vroomba became the minister of development, and Seshpenguin became the Minister of Communications; however, the Vice President was not elected yet as no-one got a majority.
    Therefore, a third round of elections was conducted on a Google Form from 29 to 31 January to elect the Vice President. The candidates were i____7d and Echohue, both with a majority in Election Two. Before the elections started, they were debating with Vulpicula, the President, and answering questions which he gave them. They also listed down reasons for why one should vote for them. Eventually, Echohue won the elections ( :( ) and was given the title of Vice President. We congratulate them all for being our new leaders. █

Lunaria and ForesneAir merge
 On 29 January, Airplaneguy9 and i____7d agreed to merge Lunaria, Airplaneguy9's, and ForesneAir, i____7d's, to form FlyLumeva. This airline will be the Republic's national airline, and has 4 owners. Airplaneguy9, i____7d, PeacemakerX5 and ktkren777 each have 10% of the share, while the remaining 10% will be for the Republic's government. This merger is so that, in addition to becoming a national airline, the naming is similar to that of FlyBahia, which already existed, as FlyBahia is based in Bahia, and FlyLumeva is based in Lumeva.
    Lunaria has 1 flight: from Sunshine Coast Máspalmas International Airport to Kantō International Airport. ForesneAir, at the moment, has none. There are going to be 2 flights from Foresne Omega Hills Airfield, Foresne's future airfield, to Peacopolis and Foresne'as governor airport in the future. Lunaria also planned to have 2 flights from Foresne Omega Hills Airfield to Southport and Larkspur, but that wasn't the case at the time because someone did not get Senator. Lunaria was also known as SolAir in the past, but changed because of the name's very striking resemblance to that of SunAir.
    Lunaria also had its first flight on the 27 of January, the LU750/LU751 from Sunshine Coast to Kantō. This was a big step in Lunaria's history. Many other flights are being planned, but all come from or go to Foresne Omega Hills Airfield, which is definitely not ready. Currently these flights are from Peacopolis Airfield, which are LU702/703 from Peacopolis Airfield to Larkspur Lilyflower International Airport and LU704/705 from Peacopolis Airfield to Espil Ecilidae Airport.
    FlyLumeva is based in Foresne, a Lumevan city. The main hub is going to be Foresne Omega Hills Airfield; in the future, Foresne Aviatree-Kaexio International Airport for the Mainland Region of Lumeva (FAK). A headquarters has not been built yet, although in the future, it will be in Foresne. FlyLumeva also has an office building in Peacopolis as well. FlyLumeva is looking forward to connecting Lumeva with the rest of the world. █

2 students in Foresne arrested for attempting to trade $0 for $0
On 3 February, Foresnese police have been notified of a case of fishy money trading at Shenmeadow Primary School. Two students, both aged 6, have been arrested for trying to trade $0 for a whopping amount of $0. They were both arrested in the classroom at the primary school, leaving a shocked and confused teacher and students behind, wondering what was going on.
    “I can't believe this happened,” said Mrs Pardon?, the teacher. “I wouldn't have believed that these two innocent students could do such a thing. Trading $0 for $0 is very illegal in Foresne. I am very annoyed!”
    “How dare they bend the rules of space-time!” said Mrs Manners, the discipline mistress. “Trading $0 for $0 is worse than breaking the Epsilonian law, let alone breaking the laws of space-time! How outrageous!”
  We also reached out to the two students, both preferred to be called Waaaah and Why Are You Asking For My Name. The former said, “Waaah! Waaaaah! Mummy help me!” while the latter said, “I did not know that trading $0 for $0 is illegal. I shall never do this again.”
    At the time of writing, the two students are in the temporary jail in Foresne Central Police Post. They will be deported to Peacopolis, where they will be deported to Foresne, where they will be deported to Peacopolis, et cetera. They will be released on 4 February, when they would have already  turned over a new leaf.
    This served as a warning for many Foresnese citizens. One of them, Mr Sorry I'm Late For Work, said, “I can't believe this act of trading $0 for $0 is condemned. Next time I will be sure to trade $0.01 for $0.01 instead. (Fun fact, the interviewer got a bit mad because he did not use Foresnese Pounds (F£).) Another citizen, named Mr Wassup, said “I think in the future I will trade F£(3 + 4i) for F£(3 + 4i). That way no-one will accidentally trade F£0 with me. Hee hee.”
    However, in Peacopolis, citizens detested this and said that there is nothing wrong with trading $0 for $0 as it's just doing nothing, and that there was no scams involved. The mayor of Foresne has yet to listen to Peacopolis' citizens… oh wait. █ 

My Story of Joining the Republic
 I joined the Republic when ModernArt came to me when I was building Postieninsula Estate in Foresne. He asked me privately, "Would you like to join the Epsilonian Republic?" To be honest, I was hesitant as I was new at the time (I joined on 10 September, this was early October) and was unfamiliar to an MPO. I also did not know much about politics at the time. So I thought about it for a while and eventually agreed. So that was when Foresne officially joined the RoE.
    He then asked me which party I am voting for, after I teleported to ModernArt who was in  Southbank. At first I did not want to vote, but in the end I did. I believe there was the National Party, the Liberal Party, the Enterprise Party, the Green Party and the Freedomist Party. I chose Green Party, because Green and parks is what I like. (The party used to be led by SirNatureWriter.) So that's where things went smoothly for some time.
    Some time later, another round of elections came up. This time I chose Freedomist, led by Echohue. I originally thought it's sort of like a 'who will get XX' thing, because multiple people voted for Echohue. Until some time later, when I got invited to lead the Liberal party. (The party was then in opposition.) I promised more connections, faster development and teamwork. Eventually some time later I started to overtake the Freedomist party in number of seats and became a Prime Minister. I believe this was when Peacopolis and Southoak entered the Republic.
    Then there was the People's Party Revolution. A massive amount of cities joined under the People's Party. I remember seeing a bunch of purple in the Republic's wiki. They were all fighting for democracy. They came and left in a day and someone (I forgot, sorry) took me over as the Prime Minister for a while, like Echohue replacing ModernArt for the President. They left to form the Zeta Republic, but a small group remained fighting for democracy: the Llama Libertians.
    Nothing was happening for a while (I think) until a debate was organised at Radiance Square. ModernArt represented me for the Liberals. The debate was fun to hear and participate in (and no, I did not invite people to the server just for more seats, I invited PeacemakerX5 before RoE and he does the inviting :) ). After that came another round of elections. That was when the Llama Libertians surpassed the Liberals in number of seats, and so Vulpicula became the Prime Minister. (I think) Then the January elections started (it's at the front page)
    Before the January elections I founded this news source. Name: The Epsilia, stylised the εpsilia, Greek: εψίλια, for PhoenixVille. The first news vending machines were erected in Foresne. You can identify them via their Epsilonian colours and two signs that say 'The Epsilia: connecting Epsilon — news vending machine'. Then Pasadena, Springwood and Tembok also had them too. An idea was also thought of to have a monthly newsletter, which came to exist with this first newsletter. I am really happy that this is the case too.
    Being in the Republic not only teaches me politics, it teaches me how to be a good leader. I'm happy to be in the Republic, and will always be. █

Zeta Server: New Land, New Towns
On 18 February, we saw the server temporarily shutting down to make way for the change of the server machine from Epsilon to Zeta. 11 long days later, we saw it reopen. Swathes of people came onto the server at 5pm UTC, hurrying to the spot where they wanted to claim. Enduring severe lag, they managed to finally get to the spot they wanted, and started building their new Zeta towns. This also means that new towns will enter the REPUBLIC, as some towns’ mayors are also members of the REPUBLIC.
  We have interviewed a few people on their experience in the new Zeta terrain, and claiming land as fast as possible for their new town. Echohue says, “fun, but big lag”
  Here’s my thoughts too: it was 1am when the server opened, so I had to stay up. The server was very laggy. I recall server tick speeds of about five or so. A few other players and I were travelling to the same region of new terrain, or what I like to say, the Five Islands. Airplaneguy9 founded Wenyanga, mi_aquamarine founded Shenghua, daltdisneyland founded his town (name undecided), and I founded Kazeshima. It was a race for terrain as I really wanted the island that Kazeshima is on now. I do feel that it is a moment of a lifetime, experiencing this event of a new server machine’s grand opening.
  The REPUBLIC has benefitted from this through new towns. As of 17 March, the new towns in Zeta regions include Thurso (ModernArt), Kazeshima (i____7d), Wenyanga (Airplaneguy9), Aquidneck Islands (BernCow), and Shenghua (mi_aquamarine). (There is also Yukon (ModernArt), and Knoxford and Fernar City (BernCow), but they are in Epsilon/Gamma regions.) At first, this may seem small, but with more towns entering the REPUBLIC, it will definitely be significant.
  Overall, the new Zeta server machine is an advantage both for the REPUBLIC itself and its members, and for everyone as well. The REPUBLIC is looking forward to having more towns in the new regions. █

The Ionian Conurbation joins the REPUBLIC
The Ionian Conurbation, former SMP and now a region of the MRT server has joined the REPUBLIC as a state. This marks a huge step forward for the region’s goals to build relations with the other regions and nations. The fully Singaporean-owned republic currently consists of 6 cities and towns, the founding states Woodsdale (Hightech_TR), Weston (_crepper_), Heights City (Toaro) and Quiris (_HeavenAngel_), and the member states BirchView (_crepper_) and Springwood (i____7d).
  Woodsdale’s entry into the Republic in December 2019 was a bit problematic at first. A bill was passed requiring Ionian Conurbation members to join an entire MPO or republic as a whole nation. Due to the tensions in the REPUBLIC at that time, the rest of the Ionian Conurbation refused to join. Instead, they agreed to join the Zeta Republic, a separate republic formed by the former People’s Party of Epsilon. 
  In February 2020 however, all tensions were resolved in the REPUBLIC and the Zeta Republic merged into Epsilon. As a result, the Ionian Conurbation finally entered the REPUBLIC, allowing Springwood to join the region as well.
  The Ionian Conurbation strives to contribute to the welfare of the REPUBLIC and will view an optimistic future for their relationship. █

HighSpeedRuns: the new trend in the MRT
  How long would it take at a minimum to go from Central Park to, for example, Carnoustie, if creative mode flying and welcome center warps were not allowed? Although Carnoustie is extremely far away from spawn (the center of the airport is approximately 20.3km from spawn), it can be reached in just 49.87 seconds. There is no time to leisure about and walk and admire the scenery on a boring Speed 1, as it is very rushed trying to beat the fastest time that someone else, or yourself, had clocked. Elytra-running, uCars, Fast Bois™, Warprail, ferries, buses, planes, helicopters, et cetera are things that speedrunners use to try to snatch the title of “Fastest traveller to (some place)”.
  HighSpeedRuns was started by CaptainObi, when CaptainObi placed a bet that he could get to Creeperville in under 10 minutes; however, Frosty_Creeper10, the mayor, did not believe it. Therefore, CaptainObi travelled to Creeperville as fast as he could, and clocked 5 minutes and 56.08 seconds. CaptainObi then said that he took the long way round. He then went the shorter way and clocked 4 minutes and 31.37 seconds. His timings followed: 2 minutes and 17 seconds, 1 minute and 42 seconds, 1 minute and 35 seconds. I then beat him with 57.22 seconds, which was beaten again by him with 52.77 seconds (Same three digits, hmm, coincidence? I think not). As you can see, it is actually really quick if you rush your journey.
  I do have some experience with speedrunning journeys: I have speedrun Carnoustie, Creeperville, and unofficially, Kazeshima. I clocked 1 minute and 14.67 seconds for Carnoustie: Fast Boi™ to Central City Heliport, AirLinQ to Wazamawazi Zoeteman Regional Airport, and MRTHS Air to Carnoustie International Airport. I clocked the aforementioned 57.22 seconds for Creeperville: Fast Boi™ to Central City Heliport, SkyTrans to Union of Central Western Territories International Airport (UCWTIA), scooted across with a Fast Boi™ along the tarmac, and AirPurpur to Creeperville. (AirPurpur is a big meme, I assure you. Creeperville is labelled as konnihaoseyo (こん你好세요 on the wiki).)
  I also clocked a staggering 35 minutes and 55 seconds for Kazeshima, since Kazeshima was in Zeta territory and Kazeshima had no transport connection at that time. I elytra-ran to Central City Warp Rail Terminal, took IntraRail 5 stops to MRT Marina, elytra-ran across the pier, took mylesFerry to Deadbush and then New Southport, took the MRT 2 stops south, and then elytra-ran through the ice plains and taiga. Halfway, my elytra broke and I did not want to waste time, so I just ran all the way to the coast, where I set down a boat and rowed my way to Kazeshima Ferry Terminal. That was before I realised that the timer is stopped when you first step foot on the city, not in the middle of the city, so I took the Windboat from Far Island 2 (where KFT is) to Setsuritsumachi, hit the lamppost and stopped the timer. What a journey that was. But that was without Fast Bois™, so I reran it, but the difference was that elytra-running was replaced with Fast Bois™, clocking 16 minutes and 1.39 seconds, a major improvement.
  As a speedrunner myself, I can say that speedrunning is a very fun thing to do when you are bored or have builder’s block. It is very exciting and has no mundanity. Every step you take is valuable, every second is precious. I sometimes bump into pillars and it can be a bit annoying since it means that a second is lost. Even calculating the route is a game by itself: faster and more convenient routes mean faster timing. This was the case where I was figuring out how to get to New Southport, the closest transport connection to Kazeshima, other than the MRT. (The FLR to Sansvikk and Yukon was not built yet :( ) At first, I saw that the mylesFerry went to Deadbush. I thought to myself, “Good idea. Deadbush has a lot of transport connections.” But then, Deadbush’s mylesFerry port’s nearest airport was West Mesa International Airport, which had no helipads. I then found a flight to UCWTIA, and so I planned to travel by uCar from spawn to UCWTIA via uCar. (That was before I started using Fast Bois™ for my speedruns, by the way, and before I found a connection to UCWTIA at Central City Heliport.) This was a really long and inconvenient route, until I found out that mylesFerry has a ferry service from MRT Marina to Deadbush, somewhere easier to get to than UCWTIA and then WMI, and then the mylesFerry port.
  The founder of HighSpeedRuns, CaptainObi was very delighted when HighSpeedRuns became so popular overnight, even better when I told him that it was going to be featured in The Epsilia. He said,
“The story of how this all got started is actually quite interesting. It started when HeavenAngel told a guest to visit Creeperville. I offered to take the guest on warp rail but the guest refused stating that he would take MRT instead. Frosty told the guest that that would take around an hour and that warp would take 20 minutes. I told frosty that warp would take 5 minutes, he did not believe me. So I asked him to time me to Creeperville. After that I started to go as fast as possible. I decided to make it into a thing and expanded it to more cities and allowed others to attempt it too.”
  We hope that HighSpeedRuns will be popular for a very long time, and that it will be very successful, noted in the MRT’s history. █

COVID-MRT: The REPUBLIC takes action
Following initial cases reported in Hendon, many mayors had taken precautionary measures to contain the highly contagious virus from spreading into their towns. However, this does not hinder the spread of the virus, as days goes by, more cases have been reported throughout the server, including within the REPUBLIC. Flights were cancelled, quarantine orders were issued, and many other different measures were taken by the various towns of the REPUBLIC. Following the first case reported at Sansvikk, the mayor, Sansvikk, who is also the Prime Minister, had issued a travel ban for visitors from the epicentre, Hendon, as well as its neighbouring towns such as Creeperville. Patients were hospitalised at the Sansvikk Provincial Hospital with great precautions. The Sansvikk mayor had also mobilised it’s best scientists to develop a cure for the virus. “We believe that our scientists will be able to produce some results in the coming weeks,” mentioned the mayor.
  Meanwhile, the Republic of Bahia had closed off all of it’s border crossings, be it by land, sea, and air. These measures, which some analysts found to be quite extreme, were taken in order to make sure their citizens are well protected from the threat of this pandemic. The mayor, Echohue, had announced a complete isolation from the outside world, even from within the republic. “After seeing how quick the virus spread in Hendon, we just thought that keeping our borders would be suicidal” the mayor said in a press conference in Pretoria, the newly-built capital. When being asked why travel was restricted for citizens from other towns within the republic, he mentioned that these measures are necessary and the Bahian government will not take any chances. A fellow Epsilia journalist was shot on sight after coughing vigorously during the conference.
  Other than that, the Region of Lumeva, where in Foresne, one of its major towns, each citizen was given a gallon of milk everyday for free. “Why are all these other towns taking expensive and risky solutions when the real solution is in front of our eyes?” Foresne’s mayor, i____7d, said while giving away free milk to visitors arriving at neighbouring Peacopolis Airfield alongside Peacopolis’ mayor, PeacemakerX5 and the head of the Department of Air, Airplaneguy9. “We hope that the entire region of Lumeva will be supplied by milk soon, and get this pandemic done with,” he added.
  Following these outbreak, the president, Vulpicula, held an emergency press conference in Monte Isola, praising how the REPUBLIC managed to contain the infection, despite the clear absence of a ministry of health in the REPUBLIC. Earlier, the president, who is also the mayor of Monte Isola, decided to ration on important and essential goods, such as toilet paper, and anyone suspected to host the virus will be thrown into the canals. When being asked about the different measures taken by the individual towns within the REPUBLIC and the lack of a centralized mobilisation by the REPUBLIC itself, he answered, “Well, we can’t micromanage everything can we? I think that as long as this virus is contained it should be no problem. Besides, we now have to wait for 3 days for an endorsement from a fellow MP before we can even put a bill to a vote and then there’s the voting period of like a week or so, if every town just waited for the REPUBLIC’s instructions, we’d all be dead.” He also reminded all citizens to take proper care of their hygiene and frequently wash your hands. More news to come soon as the outbreak develops further. █

April Elections: Vulpicula Steps Down, Voting for President Now On
 The April elections have started, and campaigns and advertisements have increased in frequency. Ever since the January elections, a lot has happened since the Llama Libertarians got the majority, and Vulpicula became the President. But now, Vulpicula has volunteered to step down from this role to focus more on his other jobs, such as his role as a moderator, and his jobs in the real world. He said,
Hiyo everyone.
I've decided to drop out of the presidential race, and endorse Echo. The reason for my dropping out is a lack of time and suitable mental state for such a task. I would want nothing but the best for this Republic, and this party. As I would be unable to grant the electorate such, I have dropped out.
I encourage all of you to vote for Echo, or at least give his campaign statements a read. I will be working with him in the lead up to the election to help him, and will continue working for the prosperity and progress of the Republic from the sidelines.
Thank you all for entrusting me as President for the past four months, it has truly been a fun experience to serve you all, and work towards a brighter future for this fine MPO, and this fine party.
Thank you, everyone. :) ...as my final act as party leader, I will be transferring leadership over to Echohue, and become just a member. I am sure he will do a wonderful job.
We also thank Vulpicula for his service in the REPUBLIC. We believe that he has done a great job in stabilising the REPUBLIC to its fullest.
  Currently, Echohue, EliteNeon, Foxfan_Angel, i____7d, Purrcat2010 and SansNotLuigi are running for President. They are showing to be very determined in getting this role of President. We wish the best for them, and we cannot wait for the results (although we can already predict). █

The Epsilia Headquarters is Completed in Kazeshima
Kazeshima, in the remote region of Nansei-Gunto, now has its tallest building, at the highest block placed at a y-level of 255. Being 190 blocks high, it is meant to be a broadcasting tower to the rest of Kazeshima and possibly Nansei-Gunto. That tower is ours: it’s The Epsilia’s.
  The Epsilia HQ, located in the Konranmachi district of Kazeshima, stands out from the city skyline as a shard rising into the sky. The façade is decorated with white blocks and windows. A light grey stripe zig-zags on the façade. At the (only) entrance at [road name], you are greeted with a grand entrance. Going straight, there is a mini-mall, and the elevator to the carpark.
Going up the stairs, there is a reception and some benches for businessmen and women, and customers alike to rest. The lobby areas are also open-air, hence saving energy.
  The third floor has more benches and a meeting room. The fourth floor onwards is just offices, until the 22nd floor. On the 17th and 18th floors, there are radio broadcasting stations. On the 19th floor, there is an interview room. On the 20th and 21st floors, there are several tuned mass dampers, ensuring that the building does not shake when strong winds hit the building, or during an earthquake. On the 22nd and 23rd floors, there are television broadcasting rooms. On the 24th and 25th floors, there are the Deputy Manager and Manager of The Epsilia’s desks respectively. From the 26th floor to the 30th floor, it’s just observatories.
  As the structure is a triangle pyramid, the only Worldedits used were the four quartz lines leading to the very top of the tower, and the carpark. All the floors were built by hand without stacking. The builder, i____7d, described this as “a very mundane and repetitive task”; however, he thinks that “it will be worth it when it is completed”. We do think that it was extremely worth it to complete this giant structure, as all the employees were happy that they could finally get an office.
  We interviewed some employees as well. One said, “I’m sure that this will be a landmark in Kazeshima!” Another said, “I really like the view from my office!” One was on two sides about it, but more towards the better one: “My desk is at the highest floor with a desk. To be honest, it is really squeezy. We have to get to our office via climbing a ladder, which is very treacherous. Once, I climbed too high on the ladder and I accidentally reached the roof with no barrier! Nevertheless, the view is extraordinarily terrific and I really appreciate it.” (There are several others whose quotes we could not translate because the document translator machine at Pasadena was broken. They are in the footer text.)

The Epsilia takes over office building in Pasadena
  Near Archway station in Pasadena, there is an office building with the letters “MCO” on it. Now, if you try to look for this building, you will instead see an Epsilon letter on it. That is because ModernArt gracefully gave the building to us, a long underused office building transformed into a lively one. This is the second office building that The Epsilia has, after the aforementioned headquarters at Kazeshima.
  Now, Archway station has gained an increase of passengers, most of them being The Epsilia businessmen and women. We would like to thank ModernArt for the building. █

The Increase Gate Capacity for Airfields Theory is published, causes revolution in air industry server-wide
Everyone really adores North Haven Riverside Airfield. It has 22 gates packed into just a space of 7497 blocks, a really legendary feat, giving it the title of the most efficient gate layout. Who knew, on 5 April, Callin35 (who, unfortunately, is banned for alternate accounts) joined the server and said that he checked out the airfield and was marvelled with the efficiency. The mayor, samyankeesfan20, was on at the time as well, and he said that it was his old town. Callin35 then asked if he was the mayor, which he is.
  i____7d was on Discord at the time. He blurted out in chat,
"The secret ingredient to making more gates is to phase planes together. When planes become semi-tangible, two semi-tangible planes can fit into a single gate to achieve full tangibility. Hence, if planes are 1% tangible, then 100 planes can fit into a gate"
  That moment was the birth of this theory, the revelation of the first to 4 parts of the theory. i____7d then went to write an entire wiki page about this theory, writing detailedly about the processes to make these possible, so that more gates can be squeezed in. The first part suggests using Variable Tangibility, where planes are semi-tangible so that they can phase into other semi-tangible planes to achieve full tangibility. The matter of the plane would be porous, and the less tangible it is, the more pores it has. This would result in multiple planes occupying the same gate at the same place, and would be a massive space-saver. However, people would be confused as to which plane to take if they are at the same gate, so a case might happen where you go to one place, but your baggage goes to another. Also, air traffic controllers would have a hard time spotting planes with less than 30 percent tangibility.
  The second part suggests using the Fourth Dimension. After all, there is a loophole in the rules on the maximum length along the fourth dimension that an airfield can go. Therefore, the airfield space can be multiplied across the fourth dimension, basically creating infinite gates. All of these copies of the airfield are linked through a portal. There is an obvious advantage: infinite gates. However, what if you expand too far into the fourth dimension into another world or universe? The creatures there might go through our portal and cause an alien invasion. Also, if the portal breaks, it becomes doom for the people trapped in the other slices of the fourth dimension, until the portal is fixed.
  The third part suggests using Imagination, which is what everyone has in their brain. To operate a flight using imagination is easy: the planes at the airfield are fixed. You go into one of them and sit down. You then close your eyes and imagine the journey there, and voilà! You made it to your destination. Children’s imaginations would be sure to improve drastically, exercising their spatial visualisation. Also, as people can choose where to go, there are basically an infinite number of flights to anywhere if imagination is used. However, there is a major setback: they would only arrive at their destination in their imagination, but not physically. This would be regarded as a scam. Imagination can also be used everywhere, not only at airfields, resulting in people flying straight from their own homes, therefore less people would go to an actual airfield, hence the airfield loses money as the revenue decreases.
  The fourth part is split into two sections of its own. The first section addresses tiny planes. They would fit half the size of a small gate, therefore possibly multiplying the planes at an airfield twofold, if all the planes at an airfield are tiny planes. However, there might be claustrophobia as the space is extremely small. Despite that, people have done small planes, some of them selling right now. Callin35 and Foxfan_Angel have 8 by 7 planes. FlyLumeva has the I-1, at a size of 7 by 7 by 5, and the B-1, at the size of 6 by 5 by 4. So far, the B-1 is the smallest plane someone has made, unless you resort to tinier ones…
  The second section addresses 1-block planes. Their size is just 1 by 1 by 1. This would create thousands of gates on just a single airfield. People would be compacted into these planes just to make it fit; however, this might cause bone fractures and dislocations, overloading hospitals in the end. Also, if two planes are made of the same block, some people would not be able to find their correct flight. Here is another problem: if it is 1 by 1 by 1, and the plane is not a sign, where does one put the warp sign?
  When this theory was first published, it became famous among everyone, even outside the air industry. Many plane manufacturers started producing tiny planes and semi-tangible planes. Four-dimensional airfields started to exist across the MRT world. People’s imaginations started to improve, and more 1-block planes started to exist, and hospitals gained more money and had overcrowding problems. The authenticity and ambience of plane travel suddenly changed, all for the sake of squeezing planes into airfields.
  We decided to go to Non-Existent Airfield to conduct some interviews. One traveller delightedly said, “It’s wonderful! I definitely love the new semi-tangible planes! Just now, I took one with a 10 percent tangibility, and it was fantastic, we could see through the walls into the sky, and not through just a tiny window!” Another also said, “Ooh! This airfield is unique as it has a portal! (The airfield was four-dimensional) Our kids were extremely fascinated with that. Our imaginations were so strong, we managed to fly here in a stationary plane!” However, some people did not like it as much. “It’s too cramped,” one said. “My legroom is extremely limited.” An interviewee was also missing his shirt. He said, “I boarded a semi-tangible plane, and the gate had 2 of those. Everything that I had boarded the correct plane, except my shirt.”
  In conclusion, the revolution has its pros and cons. It is evident that more airfields are being built, some becoming inter-server hubs; however, it inconveniences some travellers, being frustrated as they are packed into small planes, or unintentionally going into the wrong plane. We look forward to the industry’s future, and see if following this theory was worth it. █

Shenghua Readers Furious Over The Epsilia issue
Recently on April 1, 2020, Issue 2.5 of The Epsilia, the national newspaper of the REPUBLIC was issued to news boxes all over the REPUBLIC, including ones recently added to Shenghua. Shenghua residents were excited to finally have access to The Epsilia, but were devastated when they realized that their 50 cents were wasted on a newspaper simply reading, “On the 1st of April, something happened and we do not know why.” Many Shenghua residents, furious about this scam, flocked to Kazeshima on the newly opened Windferry line, knocking over newspaper dispensers in the Shenghua International Ferry Terminal and throughout Kazeshima. Angry readers marched through Kazeshima’s newly opened ferry terminal and through the streets of Kazeshima, until they reached the headquarters of The Epsilia, demanding refunds. The newspaper apologized to the scammed readers, however did not refund their 50 cents because why not. The Epsilia declined our request for an interview. (oh wait…) █

[Aviation Roundup 1] New Jets
 It is with joy that I introduce the first article of the Aviation Round-Up, an article dedicated to - as its name says - a brief round-up of everything aviation-y that’s happened on the server. Of course, since the issue you’re reading is the 18th of April, some stuff may be outdated. But still, as of the time I wrote this, 4 April, quite a bit has happened. It’s best if we get into it, eh?

EAM Releases New Aircraft
  Last week, at a time when the ever-mighty Waypoint was redoing its fleet, Epsilon Aircraft Manufacturing saw the market that the medium-small industry had taken. The SI-A-50 was dominating the market, and it was time for EAM to step in with an all-new plane. The EAM X-70 is a completely new design that doesn’t belong in the EAM X-100 family of airliners, the most purchased medium aircraft on the server. This new design features all new winglets, a feature not on the 787-style-winged X-100 family, and newer, quieter engines. The cabin is higher, and the aircraft can seat 18 people in an all-Economy layout, roughly the same as an SI-A-300. While the cockpit is extremely tight, the cabin is very spacious and roomy.
  Waypoint became the launch customer (duh!) for the X-70, using it on its brand new Waypoint Hopper service to Birchview and Konawa. When asked about Waypoint Hopper, Cortesi, the CEO of RacCorp, said, “The new Waypoint Hopper service utilises our new EAM X-70 and our old EAM Z-10 aircraft. They operate between non-hub destinations on Zeta, and are set to replace our old Eastern and SkyWest aircraft.” Some A320s originally operated by Eastern (pre-2018 Waypoint) and MD-80s operated by bankrupt SkyWest Airlines still fly for Waypoint and Elecna Airlines.

FlyJeomto in Hot Water
The airline FlyJeomto, started by FiorkG (Foxfan_Angel) a few months ago has been given a word of warning after pasting in a flight when, not one, but both airports had not finished construction. According to Airplaneguy9 who is not related to the article writer, builder of one of the airports, both Pasadena Airfield and John Denver International (Palestropol) were not open to flights. PDA was undergoing a major reconstruction at the time, ARU had learned, and according to Airplaneguy9, JDX was two gates short of completion, and had a projected completion time of just a few days from the time ARU interviewed him. When asked on the matter, Fiork did not respond to ARU.

Peacopolis Airfield Worldedited 5 blocks
  Earlier this month, after complaints by MinecraftYoshi26 about Peacopolis Airfield (PCE), the current main airport of Lumeva, being too thin and how aircraft could not get out, Airplaneguy9 and PeacemakerX5 faced cutting gates or cutting the airport altogether. However, it was found that when the airport was built, it took up 97x66 blocks instead of 100x75, leaving 1098 free blocks in order to expand. And so, with HeavenAngel’s help, the entire half of the airport was world-edited five blocks, leaving free space for expansion. Yoshi was unavailable for comment.


Loss-making FlyBahia Purchases EAM Fleet
  The national airline of the Autonomous Republic of Bahia, FlyBahia, or better known as SunAir, has bought every single EAM aircraft, becoming the first to do so. It bought the EAM X-5, Z-7, X-10, X-15, X-50, X-70, X-100, X-150 and X-500 for $1,760. The airline is struggling financially, recording a narrow $520 profit in December 2019, but swinging into a $1,280 loss in March 2020, owing to SI-A and COVID-20 troubles. The airline has also done flight renumberings, and shot up to a Class 4 airline from a Class 1 airline in just a day, putting it with the likes of Cascadia, Caelus/ikeda, and Waypoint, all the biggest EAM operators on the server. Hopefully we can see the MRT’s Holiday Airline grow to be what it was at SunAir again.  █

The REPUBLIC’s New Capital is Undergoing Planning
The REPUBLIC’s new capital city is currently undergoing planning, replacing Pasadena, which unfortunately left the REPUBLIC with ModernArt’s departure. These past few weeks have been extremely busy, with lots of discussion about how the capital will look like, and the infrastructure and buildings there.
  EliteNeon was elected as the mayor of the capital. A capital city council has also been founded as well, which includes dragonbloon419, BernCow, Echohue, and SansNotLuigi at the time of writing this.
  Although plans are not official yet, these people are shaping up what they envision the capital to look like. The most important decision here is the location, the Step One to the capital itself. BernCow proposed an area on Lake 54 near the Aquidneck Islands and Stackton, but was controversial when they realised it was near Stackton, which is not a good idea (you know why). Johngi also proposed the area around -22200 on the x-axis and -3700 on the z-axis. EliteNeon proposed a place near New Mackinaw and z7b’s town as well; however, on 13 May, EliteNeon announced that he is withdrawing this proposal. An island capital, the original idea, is considered by the committee as well.
  The second most important thing to plan are the roads, as they define where the buildings will be placed. EliteNeon proposed a network of freeways, two-lane streets, four-lane avenues and shared space streets for the New Mackinaw site,  and  large and medium roads for Johngi’s proposed area. 
  The Epsilia also went to interview EliteNeon about the city. When asked about mass transit, he said, “Well I am a pro-freeway activist at this point, but I am still pushing for an excellent system of the five major terrestrial transport modes, plus helicopter buses because those are legal now.” When asked about other things that are going to be in the capital, he said, “Obviously the ministerial buildings. I’m gunning for some high rise office towers and condos, supplemented with mixed use point towers and midrises. I'd also like some Renfew-Collingwood, vancouver style single family neighborhoods surrounding communal parks and elementary schools, as well as multi-family duplexes and midrises.”
  We look forward to seeing how the capital will turn out, as it will be the important center point for the REPUBLIC in the near future. We also wish the committee good luck in their decisions on the republic. █

Nansei-Gunto: New Singapore is founded as new capital
 Off in the Zeta Southwest at night on May 13 (UTC+8), multiple people claimed an island on Lake Gunto. They started the roads, the buildings, and the parks. Within that short period of time, the town sprung up, with skyscrapers everywhere, having a Singaporean ambience. That was the night New Singapore was founded.
  Nansei-Gunto is a state governed by mi_aquamarine, in the Zeta Southwest, near the five large islands on Lake Gunto. It comprises Wenyanga (Airplaneguy9), Kazeshima (i____7d), Shahai (Weier), and the former capital, Shenghua (mi_aquamarine). Most of the state is offshore on three large islands, as Wenyanga is the only town that is on the mainland. The four members have cohesively developed the area together, forming connections. The lake around the state has been iconic as well, as Mole Isle is on Lake Gunto as well. Nansei-Gunto also plans to invite Santa Abeja (daltdisneyland) to Nansei-Gunto.
  On May 12, at around 4pm UTC+8,  i____7d revealed plans for his location for his senator airfield: an island three kilometers from Kazeshima Setsuritsumachi. (Don’t worry, Kazeshima will slowly expand there, so it will not be that far.) The next day, he told Airplaneguy9 of this plan. Airplane felt that the island was too far to be claimed, so he set off to claim it for Wenyanga instead. He named it Macece Island, and it was to be a nuclear bomb test site. He forbade i____7d to step onto the island as well.
  Several hours later, i____7d joined the server and went to the island almost immediately. Airplane was a bit annoyed. He came to the island as well, both forces trying to claim back the island. Airplane said that he did not want i____7d to build an airfield that far away, while i____7d jokingly thanked Airplane for planting the Kazeshima flag. (Kazeshima’s flag is the same as Nansei-Gunto’s.) PeacemakerX5 also joined. As a joke, he built some faces around the island while a frantic Airplane tried to remove them. Half the server that was online at the time then came into the scene, building lots of small and weird structures, just for fun. Macece Island was now Grief Island, and was scheduled to be rolled back two days later.
  Airplane then realised that so many people had come that he could start a community town. He requested Yellowitcher to find a new island for the town. Yellowitcher chose the island immediately northeast of Grief Island. They all then migrated there and started the town. Airplane realised that Nansei-Gunto’s possible acronym is NSG, which he thought meant New Singapore. He was also thinking of the Lumevans, of which eight of them are Singaporeans. He proposed the name of New Singapore, and that it be the capital of Nansei-Gunto, which the rest all agreed.
  The Epsilia also went to interview some of the builders. TheSubway said, “Mojangitis lah”. Frosty_Creeper10 said, “new sg is shiok lah”. 
  The town was and is quick in progress. Buildings and plans sprung up, and half the server was on that single island. The Housing Development Board and Land Transport Authority was founded as well. So far, the Singaporean ambience is evident, as there are bubble tea shops, iconic buildings recreated here in New Singapore, and much more to come.
  We look forward to seeing the end product of this community project as well. █

Totem Beach Mayor Wanted for Impersonating Disney Channel Entertainer and President of Rwanda
 On May 13, 2020, known Montego  enemy  Foxwolf11 made a prediction in Minecraft chat saying that he would become a [Senator]. Several members immediately became suspicious, such as EliteNeon and Shenghua mayor mi_aquamarine, who questioned the prediction by asking, "Foxwolf, are you Raven-Symoné? Otherwise, the prediction is a fraud." Foxwolf11 then attempted to cover up his lie, by poorly impersonating somebody named Raven Simon. He is also known for impersonating former Republic of Epsilon president and current Rwanda president Vulpicula. New Singapore police attempted to capture him, but he fled the scene of the crime. Foxwolf11 is wanted under charges of impersonation by Shenghua police, with a MRT$1,000,000 reward to persons assisting in his capture. █

[Satire] Loud thunder heard despite it being sunny
 A loud thunder was heard across the entire New World recently, and has baffled many people and civilians. Many people looked out of their houses to find anything that went wrong, but could not find anything that changed.
  On the zeroth of May 2020, at exactly 13:69:12.3456 Central City Time, a loud roar of thunder sounded across every part of the New World: people living from Kleinsburg to even Mole Isle heard the thunder. It came and went extremely quickly, leaving little time for people to find out the main cause. Social media sites soon filled with posts about the sudden thunder. One video that recorded the thunder even hit a million views in a single minute. Everyone was caught up in this confusion.
  Many have formed up theories and conspiracies about the cause of the thunder. Some say that a nuclear plant exploded somewhere in the New World; however, this was not the case as when the authorities checked every nuclear plant they had, they were all intact. Others claim that someone was testing a Tesla coil; however, Tesla coils do not exist in the New World. A few people claimed that the sun was hungry and the thunder was the sun growling. This is possibly linked to people trying to send food to the sky. A few more thought that daylight was lightning all the while, so the thunder came at the same time as lightning did. Social Media user thisisnotarealusernameheheheh claimed that his son was using the cymbals, which possibly caused the thunder. 
  The authorities, mostly the mayors of towns all over the New World, have pleaded to their citizens that this is just a one-off event and there is no need to fret about it; however, their efforts were of no avail. The authorities were also very secretive about this, as when people came up to them to ask about the thunder, they replied, “I don’t know what caused it” while chuckling slightly. That chuckling indicated that the authorities actually knew what caused it, but it was a top secret within them and they were not allowed to disclose any further information as to what caused the thunder.
  Two days later, the cause was leaked into social media, gaining popularity once again. It was revealed that one of the higher-ranked mayors ‘smited’ another mayor, which was heard across the entire world. We feel that the leak was a good thing as the civilians can finally be at peace once again, as they know the cause to the thunder, instead of it being a mystery.
  As usual, The Epsilia went across the New World to interview people about the thunder. Bart from Bahia said, “The thunder was so sudden, I didn't even have time to react.” Sandy from Sand said, “I was doing my work in the office, when suddenly thunder sounded out of nowhere! I felt a bit frightened as although I’m not usually scared of thunder, it was during daytime! How is it supposed to happen?” Larry from Las Playas said, “The thunder… it became the hot topic in a snap on social media. I’m a bit irritated.” His daughter, Lily, also said, “All the memes are now about the thunder. This is very annoying indeed!” We also interviewed Kim from Kazeshima; however, the translator machine at Pasadena was still broken and we could not translate it. (He said, “雷は何ですか？”)
  In conclusion, this thunder sparked discussion and recognition very instantly as everyone heard it. We feel that this thunder changed ourselves as we all have experienced this very weird event of a sudden thunder for the first time. The New World’s habitants are now at peace… until another one of these thunders happen again. █

[Aviation Roundup 2] New Airports
As I rush to finish this article, I can fondly look back at the things that have happened. To be honest, not much did happen, but the things that happened, happened. Confused? I am too. Let’s get into the news for this month then, eh?

Mojangsburg International Airport Pasted
  Last week, the town of Mojangsburg was promoted to the [Governor] rank. This meant that it could start an airport half the size of the city. And start an airport it did - the new Mojangsburg International Airport, originally built for Titsensaki, was built by time2makemymove 15 months ago. Echohue bought the entire airport for only $500, which is amazing considering the design and size of the airport. The airport was approved by staff and pasted promptly. 
  Boy, where do I begin? The flooring, the ambience, and even small things like the Rolex clocks add so much life to the airport. The airport is one of the few airports to include satellite terminals, with medium gates at satellites C and D. The picture above shows satellite D, which includes a big fountain in the middle of the terminal. The satellites are connected to the main terminal A and B via the means of an underground walkway, which I think should really be converted into a minecart line to facilitate quicker movements between the two terminals - think Marblelake Heathrow - but otherwise everything else is perfect.
  This airport is one to visit, and I hope it gets better and better with each new plane pasted.

Airplaneguy9 starts MRT2FSX
Note: Yes, I have a big ego, so I’ll refer to myself in third person :P
  On May 2, 2020, while bored, Airplaneguy9 decided to embark on a huge task: remake every single MRT airline in Microsoft Flight Simulator X. This is a huge task, as there are 55+ MRT airlines, all different and unique, that had to be painted. On May 2, Airplaneguy9 released the first pack, AirLinQ, which replaces Aeroflot, the national airline of Russia. This took him around 4 hours to do.
  He then carried on with other airlines. As of the time of writing, he has finished the following packs in the following amount of hours:
AirTotem (30 minutes, Silver Airways) - Vulpine_Master said that he liked the livery design
BART Airlines (5 hours, Alaska Airlines) - Kastle accused Airplaneguy9 of defamation for replacing Alaska Airlines
BluAir (6 hours, JetBlue) - Hvt was very impressed, and when joking about Mint for BluAir (JetBlue’s Business Class product characterized by a different tail on aircraft with them), Airplaneguy9 sent him a picture of a BluAir Mint aircraft
BenAir (20 minutes, Air Belgium)
BWIA (1 hour, Caribbean Airlines) - MIKE24DUDE commented ‘cool’
Caelus (7 hours)
Cascadia (8 hours) - Ptld also commented ‘cool’; one 737 was painted with the words “Captain Vulpine Master” after Vulpine_Master paid Airplaneguy9 $10 to have his name on one aircraft
Cascadia Regional (2 hours)
Hopefully, we can see this project rise to Waypoint Hopper, the very last airline on the list. █

The Future of the Capital City Council?
The Capital City Council is possibly going to undertake great change, according to plans released by the new Llama Libetarian Party (LLP) party leader Vulpicula. Their primary point: shrinking the focus of the Republic to the capital.
  The proposal does not call for too much change to the republic itself, only stating that it will “refocus” the republic, however it has been assumed by many that the current role of the capital city council will be taken up by the house of representatives, and the ministries will do their roles inside the capital. 
  It also states that the republic will be “minimizing time spent on other things” suggesting that the republic may work on small projects outside the republic. When we asked Vulpicula, he replied that “At the start, no. The goal will be entirely the city. However once that is good to go we can look at starting external projects once again”.  When asked why he wanted this refocusing, he stated that he wanted to focus on the most interesting project as it had all but come to a stand still. 
  Even a temporary refocus on the capital appears to have been met with resistance from the rival candidate for party leader (who lost 7-4 in the internal elections earlier this week), Frosty_Creeper10. He argues that the focus shouldn’t be completely on the capital but split with projects by the ministries.
  Almost three months have passed since the last general election. Some members have been suggesting to do a general election a month early, however if this doesn’t happen there will be an election in mid August. Only then will we see if these plans go into fruition. █

Hyperlink: the New Mode of Transport
It has been a long while since another mode of transport in the MRT was introduced; the last time, it was airships from Wipeout111. Now, there is a new mode of transport - even faster than /speed 10 in some cases. Enter Hyperlink.
  Hyperlink was founded by TheSubway and frogggggg, and the company is managed by the former two and DintyB,  crimsonf0x, ericsong1911, and pretzel33. We have interviewed frogggggg for The Epsilia.
i____7d: So I'd like to ask, what is Hyperlink and how does it work?
frogggggg: Hyperlink is a company officially founded by TheSubway where myself, DintyB, and crimsonf0x help/work with the company. We want to revolutionize/create a new market of travel on the mrt using thin tubes with boats and ice-skip-blocks to go faster than speed 10. Basically it's like a train but without tracks and it goes 30 times faster. It works by having a 1.3 block width lane in a tube (underground or above ground) where this carriage or boat would use ice to go fast. It's not a new concept but we want to make it a reality and make it more efficient. Currently we are also working on redstone junctions, track clearers, and automated stations to make it easy for the user and start a whole new market.
i____7d: Ooh I see, how did this idea come about?
frogggggg: So basically I tpa’d to DintyB who was looking at TheSubway's track with skip-ice-blocks and a boat. I had an idea to make a Hyperlink out of this using tunnels and then Subway started the company. From there, it had more aspects to add and more ideas came together. It's currently in the planning stages. We are actually making test tracks at the moment.
i____7d: Which cities do you hope to link up, and how would you think this will revolutionise the MRT?
frogggggg: We don't really know where specifically, but we want to pitch this idea out to everyone so they would accept such an idea into their cities and end up having Hyperlink in most major cities. At the moment we are planning a route from Sand to Titsensaki as the starting route but we need more info on that as we don't have a finalized design as to the writing of this interview. 
frogggggg: We think it could revolutionize the MRT by allowing a new type of travel for everyone to use by not having to waste money on warp, not having to use airports which could be far from many locations, and also going faster than Speed 10. Also, it's a small tube which can go underground and even above ground where it won't be too intrusive so it can get to many places.
i____7d: Ooh, interesting, ...well I think that is all the questions that I have at the moment, I think I'll ask a question from time to time, thanks!
frogggggg: np
  We look forward to this new but ingenious technology being used at many places on the MRT, and that it will gain widespread popularity across the MRT itself. █

Thieves Break into The Epsilia Pasadena Office, Steal Spacebar Key on All Keyboards
On Saturday, June 13, 2020, the workers of The Epsilia’s Pasadena Office were horrified when they came to the front entrance of their office to see the door open. When they came to their desks, they were horrified to discover that their space keys were also missing. Everyone turned into a state of panic, as according to a study from the Pasadena Government, the space key is the most used key in The Epsilia’s Pasadena Office.
  The manager of the regional office, Sir Connor Fiuxion, announced a work-from-home order for all employees of the Pasadena Office until they got their space keys back, as the employees were less productive and more stressed with their space keys missing. The employees all profusely thanked Sir Fiuxion for his sympathy.
  Their hardships were evident on the first day, when they worked without their space keys. One employee, Amploir Yee, posted on social media, “Thisisoutrageous!Iforgottobringmyphonetoworksoimpostingfrommyworkcomputerwhosespacekeyismissing!” When Sir Fiuxion emailed the headquarters in Kazeshima about this incident, he used line breaks as an alternative for spaces, resulting in a drastically long email which confused the Headquarter's employees. Together with a still-broken translator machine at the Pasadena Office, this made matters worse.
  The Pasadena Office has this message to say: “Please,thisisnotfunny,giveusourspacekeysback,thankyou!” We wish our fellow employees in Pasadena good luck in getting their space keys back. █

Illegal Trading Ring Discovered in Nansei-Gunto
Several months after the disappearance of convicted criminals Waaah and Why Are You Asking For My Name upon being released from detention by Lumevan authorities, some fishy trading was discovered originating from an HDB apartment in the capital New Singapore. In a raid, police found Waaah and Why Are You Asking For My Name being held as hostages along with two other children to assist in trading $0 for $0. After being bribed with electronics and candy, the children informed the police that the trading was originating from the ForesInn in Kazeshima. Police questioned hotel staff, which reported noticing suspicious activities in room 6-1, such as the “Do Not Disturb” sign on display for suspicious amounts of time. When police raided the room, they found infamous criminal crimsonf0x, along with infamous trading lords Chin Tu Fat and Yu Stin Ki Pu, illegally trading $0 for $0 from their headquarters in Nansei-Gunto to other areas in the server, especially Totem Beach to fund their nuclear missile program. The Epsilia interviewed several locals in Nansei-Gunto. Sum Ting Wong of Shenghua said, “I cannot believe this was happening right in our region! Trading $0 for $0 is very illegal in Nansei-Gunto. I am very annoyed by this behavior!” Traffic guard No Pah King in New Singapore said, “我喜欢吃椰浆饭。” (The translation machine in Pasadena was not working.) █

Ethnic Cleansing Plot of Totem Beach Revealed
At the time of writing, crimsonf0x is currently running for the position of Deputy Mayor of East New Brazil, an enclave of New Hyrule, north of capital Marisol. In his campaign, one of the main goals is to build public housing for the citizens of East New Brazil. However, in a leaked conversation on known communist messaging service WeChat, crimsonf0x was revealed to campaign to build public housing as a place to store people as part of his ethnic cleansing program in Totem Beach. A video explaining this was posted on Totem Beach video sharing site OurTube, but it was quickly scrubbed by government censors. We interviewed several local Totem Beach residents, all who preferred to not be identified. One said, “I cannot believe our glorious leader would do such a thing! We must rise above him immediately!” Some locals in East New Brazil said, “I thought Crimson’s public housing campaign was bad enough, but this is outrageous. I will be telling my friends not to vote for him.” This is a developing story. █

July Elections: Vulpicula is back as President
The July Elections have happened this month. This month has been eventful, from relations with the Federated States to parties aiming to dissolve the Republic.
  Firstly, let us look at the Capital City. The council is made of BernCow, CaptainObi, fork_07, Johngi and Needn_NL. Fork_07, BernCow and Frosty_Creeper10 also ran for the Capital City mayor, with the latter getting the highest votes, at 69.2%. 
  Next, the Presidential Elections: fork_07, i____7d, Cookie46910 and Vulpicula ran for President, with the latter winning the role of President. These results had the highest suspense, as since the votes were so close with no majority, elimination had to happen, which made people momentarily think that Cookie46910 won the election.
  This election was special, as Cookie46910, one of the candidates running for President, is aiming to dissolve the Republic. The other three candidates were displeased at this action, and tried their best to counter this plan. Many supported Cookie46910, saying that the Republic should be dissolved and that there should not be MPOs. The three others opposed this plan by saying that those who do not want the Republic should leave instead of taking down the Republic altogether.
  After the Elections, i____7d was chosen to be Vice President (wink wink), CaptainObi as the Prime Minister, and SansNotLuigi as the Deputy Prime Minister. We wish the new government their best in managing the Republic, and revitalising this MPO altogether. █

FLR Shenghua Starts Construction
The city of Shenghua in Nansei-Gunto has started construction of the metro system FLR Shenghua, which will be jointly operated by government organization Shenghua Transit and transportation company FLR Corporation. The first line, line S1, will initially run in a north-south direction from Ferry Terminal to City Hall station, with a stop at Shenghua South station. The system will be integrated with transit fares in the rest of the region, using the Infinity smart card, and it will accept FLR tickets from regional network FLR Nansei-Gunto and tickets from FLR Kazeshima in neighboring Kazeshima. The system will also serve Shenghua’s linguistic diversity, with station signage in Chinese, English, and Spanish, while customer service staff will be required to speak the official languages, which are Chinese and English, along with the recognized languages, which are Spanish and Japanese. Station and train announcements will be made in all four languages as well, along with ticket vending machines. Station name placards on platforms will be written in all four languages. So far, City Hall station is completed, while citizens and the government alike are excited for the line’s opening. █

Shahai to have buildings after nearly 3 months of no development
On Thursday, July 10th, 2020, the first building to have been constructed in Shahai, the Nansei Pearl TV Tower, was inaugurated by the mayor, Weier. Located in Nansei-Gunto, Southwest Zeta, it had gone through a significant amount of time with no infrastructure whatsoever, totalling 77 days without buildings.
“我们不要在沙上睡了！” Said Yige Mingzi, a resident of Shahai. Another one, who preferred to remain anonymous, said “只是一个建筑，有什么特别的？” before he was dragged away by Shahai Police. No attempts were made to retrieve the person in question. 
There was a mass ordering of The Epsilia machines the very next day, and after that, construction of the ferry Shahai Ferry Terminal was finished. When asked where the funding for these came from, Weier declined to comment. With various ambitious construction programs starting in the 4th city of Nansei-Gunto, no one knows where the money to start these came from. █

The Epsilia Pasadena Office gets its missing spacebars back
Last month, The Epsilia Pasadena Office’s employees were aghast to see their spacebars missing. They had to go through about 20 days of working from home, before they came back to the office. The first time they went back to their office in so long, they were delighted that their space bars were back, safe and sound on their keyboards. Everyone cheered and continued working.
  The Pasadena Police Department had been working together with Sir Connor Fiuxion, the regional office manager, to track down the culprit. The Department’s Crime Scene Investigation unit came to the scene to analyse the markings left behind by the thieves. They collected several DNA samples left near where the space keys were. Several days later, it was found out that three people had stolen the space keys: Mr Nouspaeski, Mr Longbarten, and Miss Sing.
  The police placed Wanted signs all over Pasadena, and sent out groups of policemen to search for the three. However, it came to no avail; everyone did not know who the three were, and they kept giggling at the name. The police then called out to all the police departments in the general area of Pasadena to watch out for the three.
  Mr Kee Borde from Storalisburg immediately recognised the names of the three thieves. “I remember when I was trekking in the woods of Storalisburg, I heard chanting, repeating ‘We want space keys!”, echoing through the forest. That was six hours before I heard of the thieves.” Mr Borde immediately contacted the Pasadena police. With his help, the Pasadena police managed to catch the three thieves in the roofed forest of Storalisburg.
  The three thieves and their bag of space keys were transported back to Pasadena via the MRT. Their bag of space keys were then distributed back to those who were caught up in this incident, including The Epsilia, and several other offices in Pasadena, Chestwick, Freshney, Fortaleza, and Storalisburg. Experts estimate that about 1000 space keys were in the bag when they were caught. The three thieves were then tried at court, and sentenced to 10 years of being banned from using punctuation, the space key, and the letter E.
  Social media took to storm with the news of these thieves. User SpacebarLover said, “This is outrageous! Pasadena’s citizens have legal rights to use the spacebar!” Another user EmptyChar said, “I am disappointed in these three thieves who stole space keys around Pasadena. We simply do not have space for these kinds of things.”
  This incident will stick in the Pasadenian residents’ minds for a long time, as this event has impacted many people’s lives. █

FlyBahia EAM X-100 Skids Off Runway
On July 14, 2020, a FlyBahia EAM X-100 registered SC-FBC (msn 193, first delivered April 2 this year) operating flight SA057 from Sunshine Coast Máspalmas to Ilirea Midcity Airport skidded off the runway at IXM on landing. 3 passengers were mildly injured due to the incident.
The Flight
  SA057 is a regularly scheduled flight between Sunshine Coast's main international airport Máspalmas International (SSI/ESSI) in Bahia, and Ilirea’s main airport Midcity Airport (IXM/GIMC), which is a hub for Cascadia Airways and the airport handling all of Ilirea's and Southwold’s traffic after Southwold Int'l was cancelled.
  The flight is operated by an X-100 on every day except Saturday, when an X-150 operates the route. Flights to Ilirea operate out of Terminal 2 at SSI. SA057 is scheduled to depart at 08:50 and arrive at 13:20, after a four and a half hour flight. The return flight departs at 14:35 and lands back at SSI at 19:00. IXM is an important gateway for FlyBahia, as passengers can either connect to Chan Bay, or fly on any of Cascadia’s hub-and-spoke network.The Incident
  According to FlightMRT24, the flight departed SSI at 08:53, and started its descent into IXM at 12:30. Lining up for final at around 13:05, the playback abruptly ends at 13:08:58, around two seconds before the aircraft crossed the threshold of Runway 09.
  The pilot, captain Bruce van Wet, says that he “touched down hard and deployed brakes and spoilers:
“We rolled a bit, slowing down, when suddenly, the plane swerved to the left. I corrected it by pushing the rudder to the right, but the plane skidded for a while until brakes no longer worked, and we swerved off the runway, to a gradual stop in the grass. When I regained my senses, I told the flight attendants to begin the evacuation.”
  The copilot, André Rickson, told of a similar experience, involving the aircraft sliding off the runway. Both were commended for their swift actions in evacuating the aircraft, which had a slightly damaged landing gear, and had to be stored at IXM. Flights were disrupted for around five hours.
  Passengers reported “not being able to slow down before jolting in their seats”. One said that he got off the plane in total confusion, and didn't snap back to his senses until he was inside the terminal. Witnesses on the ground said that they saw the aircraft come in fast, touch down, and continue to roll until it came to an abrupt stop in the grass.
Causes
The matter is currently being investigated, but all involved point their fingers towards ice on the runway. Other reasons include pilot incapacitation, and landing gear failure. This is a developing story. █

The flame of the Capital goes on
The capital of the REPUBLIC is heavily anticipated by many, whose plans stretch all the way from even the start of the year. However, the capital is slowly but surely being created and planned detail by detail, making a dream a reality.
  In the past month, the five newly elected Capital City Council members — Johngi, BernCow, Needn_NL, CaptainObi, and fork_07  — and the Capital Mayor, Frosty_Creeper10, have been working hard to plan out the capital. Autunno is the decided name of the future capital. It will be situated at Johngi’s proposed location, at x=-22200 and z=-3700. The plot of land had been claimed for a long time by Johngi.
  In the future city’s place lies Name Pending, a community ‘town’ founded on July 28. For the first 20 minutes, Johngi offered $50 to other members to build wooden huts there. The price was then slowly deflated to $5. In total, $1500 was spent. There are different territories in Name Pending: Owohut, Uwuhut, and The People's Republic of Mao City by mi_aquamarine; Hut Kong by TheSubway; Weiertown and Rectangular Prism by Weier; and New Smoky Mountain by EliteNeon. Name Pending even has a metro system (Bootleg MTR) through the town.
  We look forward to the future of this 8-month long project, and wish the planners their best to create the city of our dreams. █

Typhoon Akira: a summary
Between 25 and 27 July 2020, strong winds swept over the region of Nansei-Gunto. A Category-4 (157-200km/h winds) typhoon, Typhoon Akira formed over Wenyanga and Shenghua and caused a lot of damage in the area. Kazeshima, Shenghua and Shahai have reported on the typhoon.
Shahai
  Shahai received only about 75km/h of winds as it was far from Shenghua and Wenyanga. However, the effect was significant - workers sent home early, and overground transport shut down. Lightning also hit the Nansei Pearl TV Tower, damaging the antenna and causing radio and television service from the tower to shut down. 23 were dead and 178 were injured, all from construction sites that took too long to evacuate from.
Kazeshima
  Kazeshima had stronger winds, at around 150km/h on the mainland and Eumi Ward, and 100km/h in Ekado Ward. However, the buildings were stable enough to withstand the heavy winds, as it had seen stronger winds before. Residents observed animals hurrying into buildings and houses as objects flew over the sky. In Kengigunto, where foxes are aplenty but with little buildings, this inconvenienced the residents there as their houses are now populated with more foxes than people. No dead or injured people were reported.
  On 26 July, a magnitude 10.4 earthquake happened in the middle of the typhoon as well. Geologists guess that the fault line is somewhere near the ferry terminal. However, the earthquake dealt minimal damage to all the buildings in Kazeshima.
Shenghua
  Shenghua had the strongest winds, at 195km/h; however, the city was damaged very minimally. All public transport was suspended. Due to the lightning strike on the Nansei Pearl TV Tower, several residents were not able to tune into their television service for news; however, TeleNansei switched to broadcasting from New Singapore. The emergency alert system also sounded for the first time, giving residents an early warning. However, residents complained of the alarms being questionable.
Conclusion
  Being the costliest typhoon in MRT history and the third deadliest according to the Nanseinese Government, Typhoon Akira has affected the lives of many residents in Nansei-Gunto. Amounting to costs of over NG¥50 million, this typhoon is recorded into the history of Nansei-Gunto, which is now better prepared for future typhoons than before. █

New Singapore launches missile at typhoon
On Monday, July 27, 2020, in Nansei-Gunto, a nuclear power, a missile was launched from a public square in New Singapore, the capital of the region, according to several verified sources. During this time, New Singapore was in a severe typhoon, and the missile, according to some eyewitnesses, flew right into the typhoon and exploded, vaporizing the typhoon and stopping the rain. Many people complained of their electronic devices ceasing to function. The government of Nansei-Gunto has claimed that it has never launched a missile, and that it never had missiles in the first place. █

Hackers play anime openings on newly installed early warning systems
On Wednesday, July 29, 2020, newly installed early warning systems across Nansei-Gunto started playing various anime openings in an infinite loop, until authorities forcibly shut down the system. Every single mobile electronic device in Nansei-Gunto received an emergency alert, with the usual 5 second alarm replaced by a 2 hour and 55 minute long compilation of anime openings, looping infinitely. The loudspeakers used to announce earthquakes and typhoons were also affected. We interviewed Mr. Why Do You Want My Name, a tourist, who was on a seaplane to Shenghua when this occurred. When asked to describe his experience, he said: “I faintly started to hear this catchy song, and the closer we got to Shenghua, the louder it seemed. It was definitely an odd experience.” We also asked some locals for their opinions, (but the translator machine in Pasadena still wasn’t working)*? █

Chaos in Kazeshima
On the morning of July 4, 2020, the first staff to arrive at The Epsilia’s Pasadena regional office on what seemed like a normal day were severely horrified by what they saw. The normally malfunctioning translation machine in the office was flawlessly producing translated copies of the newspaper. Workers angrily posted on social media, and the workers went on strike and took to the streets shortly after, while some workers attempted to break the translation machine.
  One user on social media said, “I cannot believe our translation machine is working. I will be resigning from my position with this newspaper. I am outraged!” Eventually, the Pasadena staff members flew to Kazeshima via AirKirdé, and held several protests around the city, with the largest one at The Epsilia headquarters in Konranmachi District in Naka-Kazeshima ward. These protests started peacefully, but were violently suppressed by police after some fishy payments were made from The Epsilia to the city government. Police chief i____7d stated, while wearing an expensive fur coat with the price tag still on, [if you want to comment on this ask aqua - i____7d] “We were not suppressing freedom of speech, and we were trying to keep the peace in Kazeshima.”
  While tear gas was being fired at protesters, some tried to escape to more peaceful parts of the city using FLR Kazeshima local trains and FLR Nansei-Gunto commuter trains. After some fishy payments were made by the city government, a systemwide suspension of all FLR Kazeshima and FLR Nansei-Gunto services was put in  place. Many protesters and Kazeshima residents believed the city government and FLR Corporation were trying to suppress freedom of movement. FLR Corporation CEO i____7d stated, after driving up to its regional headquarters in Setsuritsumachi in a Bugatti La Voiture Noire costing roughly 1337425000 Nansei-Gunto Yen (12.5 million MRT dollars), “We are not trying to suppress freedom of movement. We have shut down FLR Kazeshima and FLR Nansei-Gunto in order to protect our station facilities from damage by protesters.” This sparked outrage from world leaders and human rights groups. Boycotts of FLR and FlyLumeva happened throughout the server. DDoS attacks sent by human rights activists to FLR’s servers halted railway service in Kazeshima, Shenghua, Foresne, and bus service in Kiynraer for three days. The Peacopolis Metro and New Singapore MRT’s North South line were experiencing technical difficulties as well. In addition, users of Nansei-Gunto’s Infinity transportation card reported issues with making payments and topping up their cards.
  After two weeks of chaos, The Epsilia finally gave in to the workers’ demands and broke the translation machine. “翻译机又坏了，真的是太棒了！” one worker at the Pasadena office said (The Pasadena translation machine was not working). This incident not only shook Kazeshima and Pasadena, but the entire MRT server. █

Great Progress on Rail Treaty between the FS and the ER
The Rail Treaty may be completed in the next few weeks, The Epsilia has been told by the foreign affairs team currently located in the FS. The treaty is being written to unite the two rail projects of the FS and the ER into a singular company, which will be called the “Société internationale des Chemins de FER” or SICF (pronounced “SIF” with the “I” pronounced like the “E” in “England”) for short. The agreement will include provisions for how rail lines will be constructed, how the company will be structured and how disagreements and clarifications will be carried out.
  The treaty may also include a landmark agreement of mutual recognition between the FS and the ER - something of great importance to tie together previously turbulous relations.
  The treaty also includes mention of a very lax permission policy - allowing anyone on the MRT to build towns near the rail line or next to it and allowing modifications and bridges/level crossing/tunnels to be built within reason. It also states that towns which are built next to the track must be given a rail station if asked once they reach councillor. Ostensibly, this is to allow overground lines to be built without complaints of blocking future development.
  We shall watch with great interest as the talks continue. So far, it seems they are going quite smoothly, and we hope they will continue to do so. █

Map of Epsilonian cities to be officially released soon
When Seshpenguin was the Minister of Communications, he commissioned a map of all the Epsilonian cities; however, this came to a speed bump as Sesh had been inactive for quite a while. He then chose to resign on the 8th of September 2020. President Vulpicula then asked i____7d if he would like to be the new minister, which he agreed. He earned the title on the 10th of September.
  On the 12th of September, i____7d decided to continue on with Sesh’s idea of the Epsilonian map. He decided that instead of manually placing dots on the cities on a map, he would write a Javascript script to write an SVG image for him. How it works is that there is a large file full of city names and their coordinates. The script then reads the file and generates a blob and a text object for each city.
  Before the cities were input into the script, i____7d also released some teasers for the map. One of them is a town named “Testville” located in Central City. The other is a city in the middle of an ocean called “urmumsville”.
Several hours later, the map was nearly complete, except that the remaining cities yet to be found were Frostbeach, Fort Equinox, Salsun Township and Wakeville. dragonbloon419 provided the coordinates of Fort Equinox and Salsun; however, Frostbeach and Wakeville were yet to be found. i____7d also forgot to add in Monte Isola and Storalisburg, so he added it in as well.
  i____7d has mentioned that the full map will be released when Frostbeach and Wakeville are located on the map. But for now, a scalable map can be found at epsilonmap.iiiii7d.repl.co. █

Major lag spikes hit server as schematic gets pasted in in Shahai
On Friday, September 4, 2020, in a phenomenon felt across the New World, citizens suddenly felt their lives slowing down and becoming unable to move entirely. This persisted repeatedly for over five minutes before the government of Shahai sent out an apology for the lag. Witnesses have caught the mayor Weier talking to an unidentified wizard, who was later found out to be hvt2011, and performing forbidden magic locals called a ‘world edit’ or ‘schematic paste’. This resulted in a new building suddenly appearing in Shahai, to the surprise of tourists. One visitor, who was on a trip from Mole Island, said: “It was very surprising, there was an empty plot of land, then we couldn’t move, and after that there was a building!” Sources say that what the tourist described had occurred multiple times, seeing the rare sight of mayor Weier apologizing profusely to the aforementioned wizard, saying “sorry, we might need to undo this''. Many people complained about the lag, and posted complaints on social media. Apartments in the magically conjured building soon went up for sale 3 days later. As Shahai undergoes its ambitious plan to boost development, more of these events are predicted to happen. ‎█

Savage City metro to start construction after months of procrastination planning
Some time ago, Prince Weier of the Principality of Savage City had given an order to start the construction of a rapid transit system for Savage City, to connect the various train stations spread around, and to give citizens an easier way to commute to work (but actually so my chances for sen are higher). This seemed like a good idea at first, but Prince Weier decided that all stations would be designed by him, and as someone who gets bored easily, according to reliable sources, he has put off designing metro stations for as long as possible. However, on the 1st of September, designs for 5 stations had been completed, due to Prince Weier having nothing better to do, some inside people say. We hope to now be able to disembark a train from Skogheim at Savage City MRTHS, and go to Savage City West Station to take a train to Lanatam without walking across the whole city. ‎█

Environmental concerns threaten to stop ambitious land reclaiming projects in Shahai
 On the evening of September 7th, 2020, The Shahai Prefectural Assembly passed a motion to reclaim up to 27 chunks of land from the ocean, which caused many in Nansei Gunto to look on in horror at the potential environmental damage this could cause. Protests against this project have erupted across the region, as the government looks for ways to calm the populace, as well as proceed with the reclaiming of land, that could have the potential to benefit the entire region economically.
  This isn’t the first time this has happened either. There were many people angry at the government for reclaiming almost 9 chunks of land to build the Shahai Ferry Terminal, as well as the nearly 4 chunks reclaimed to solidify the foundation of the Nansei Pearl TV Tower. However, this is the first time the public outcry has been this large, perhaps to match the equally large portion of the sea to be reclaimed and the environmental damage that will inevitably follow suit.
  As the situation develops, many who are unwilling to physically protest due to the fear of a resurgence of a relatively well handled virus have turned to social media to spread their opinions. ‎Many like user @haoxiaodemingzi have made their stance very clear on the matter. As of the writing of this article, the government’s response is yet to be revealed to the public, and only time will tell whether the project will go through. █

Shahai Metro’s first station has been completed, marking important milestone for the project
On September 1st, 2020, the first of many Shahai Metro stations was opened to journalists, offering a preview of what the new system will look like. Officially dubbed the Shahai Metro Project, it appears very clean, although that may be the effect of no one being there but construction workers and eager journalists. It’s a green line station, named Century Plaza, after the surface plaza it resides under.
  When the system is complete, citizens will be able to travel from one end of Shahai to the other in less than 30 minutes. A depot and final assembly plant are being built so that as soon as the newly manufactured metro trains are completed, it will be sent straight into service. The rolling stock itself, a Class M7 manufactured by Jupiter Motors, has incorporated state of the art technology into its design, and is capable of reaching speeds of around 117 km/h in regular service. Citizens look forward to receiving a rapid transit system, and with the astronomical growth of the tourism sector, due to Shahai now being connected to many other towns in Nansei Gunto by boat, the city will be able to cope with the influx of travelling tourists eager to see the sights around the city.
  Being the first mostly underground intracity rapid transit system in Nansei Gunto, many transit fans are also looking forward to its opening. Though not without mishaps, as many can tell by the recent disruption of water service when construction crews mangled multiple pipes on Millennium Avenue, it has been relatively well received with the citizens, who don’t mind the tax hike as much as one would expect. As more stations inevitably get built, we look forward to the day the system finally starts moving. █

Nansei-Gunto becomes more connected by air
 As more and more Nanseisian cities rank up, there has been an increase in air connections to the region through helicopters and seaplanes. Kazeshima and Wenyanga opened heliports, along with seaplane ports opening in Kazeshima and Shenghua. The region now has direct connections to major cities on the server such as Larkspur and Central City. Kazeshima has also applied for the Senator rank recently, which means the potential construction of a brand new airfield in the city. ‎█

New Singapore MRT starts operation
August 6, 2020 was a major milestone for the Nanseisian capital of New Singapore as it saw its first operational rapid transit in 3 months. LimeTransit New Singapore, the operator of the East West Line, partially opened the line for revenue service, with trains stopping at Downtown and North City stations. The line is planned to have 7 stations in total, along with 5 stations on the North South Line, which will be operated by FLR Corporation. █

4 fun Shenghua daytrip ideas
Shenghua, located in the region of Nansei-Gunto in southwest Zeta, is well known for its sandy beaches and abundance of shopping. Many people, both living and staying in Nansei-Gunto take daytrips to Shenghua on holidays and weekends. Here are 4 ideas to make the most of a trip here.
Go on a street food tour
  Shenghua has many street food options available, ranging from western to Asian, and a mix of both cultures. Street food is also very cheap, ranging from ¥10 ($.1) to ¥250 ($2.5). Street food is available throughout the city, however most of the stands are inside Central District, around Youli Park. 
Visit the Bark Memorial
The Bark Memorial, constructed on August 27, 2020, is an inclusive and wholesome attraction fun for the whole family, recommended by i____7d [wat no] and TheSubway, which looks especially good at night. It was constructed in memory of Mac McDonald and Frank Reynolds, who were violently murdered by Crimson V. Master, an agent of Totem Beach, in the early hours of August 15, 2020 in Keriyowna. Vandalism is not tolerated at the memorial, which is enforced by 24 hour CCTV. All vandals will be shot on sight.
Go on a shopping spree
As mentioned in the beginning of the article, many people visit Shenghua for shopping. The city has many malls and shopping streets, the most famous of which being Villa Playa (海滩城 in Chinese), with several small towers with a shop on each floor, with the seaplane terminal directly connected to it. In addition, a popular mall is Neo City (世纪城 in Chinese), which has neofuturistic architecture and modern shops. Note that shopping areas in Shenghua do not have public parking, so it’s easier to get to these sites using public transit or on foot. 
Take a stroll
Especially if the weather’s nice, a great thing to do in Shenghua is to just walk around. There’s so much to see in the city, along with excellent pedestrian infrastructure, making it one of the most walkable cities in Nansei-Gunto. The city is very safe to walk around at night too. A popular spot among locals and tourists alike is the Youli Park, which is next to City Hall FLR station. It is a good place if you’re looking for a quiet area with nice scenery where you can take a stroll or just relax. █

Hut Kong citizens protest against demolition
On August 31, 2020, riots erupted throughout the Sandian overseas territory of Hut Kong, after all residents received eviction notices by the Name Pending government to make way for the demolition of the territory to make way for Epsilonian capital Autunno. Residents were originally peacefully protesting against the looming threat of Name Pending being demolished,  but this time Hut Kong erupted into a violent panic as eviction notices were issued. Sand citizens took over PCTS, the most widely used cable television service in Name Pending, which has its headquarters in Hut Kong. A cry for help from Hut Kong’s citizens was broadcast on all channels to PCTS’ subscribers, however the Name Pending government quickly took note of this and bombed the PCTS headquarters, cutting off media access to thousands of Name Pending citizens. Other territories later broke out in riots, such as Nansei-Gunto overseas territories Owohut and Uwuhut, along with the People’s Republic of Mao City. Name Pending’s brutal actions to its citizens will never be forgotten. █

Is Cookie46910 Planning A Coup?
  Cookie46910 was a notable candidate in the REPUBLIC’s recent July 2020, infamous for his dissolution campaign. He lost the election to Vulpicula, thus the REPUBLIC still stands. However, rumors of a potential coup have been spreading among netizens in Nansei-Gunto, while watching MBS’ broadcast of The Amazing Race 11 (which was noted by Epsilia staff to feature stolen music from Cartoon Network).
  During an advertising break, a campaign ad by Cookie aired. A social media user pointed out that the election already occurred, therefore the campaign is over. That raised the question, if the election and campaign is already over, does that mean Cookie is planning a coup? Netizens speculated that Cookie would overthrow the current Epsilonian government, and then hold a rigged election, and ultimately dissolve the REPUBLIC. This sparked heated debates across the REPUBLIC, with two ultimate questions: Is this the end of the REPUBLIC as we know it? Is the media trustworthy? Meanwhile, Mordecai and Rigby went to Foresne to e █

Rivalry between FLR Kazeshima and FLR Nansei-Gunto
  On a large island in Lake Gunto, Kazeshima is a rapidly growing city with fast development in all four directions, especially in its railway. There are two companies in Kazeshima operating local transport: FLR Kazeshima, the metro; and FLR Nansei-Gunto, the commuter rail. Both companies work together to serve Kazeshima’s mainland, with equal profits from both.
  However, things grew tense lately: people from Tōkomachi and Chūōkomachi have been complaining about the noise from Line N1 of FLR Nansei-Gunto, especially since Line N1’s tracks were right next to their houses. They all preferred FLR Kazeshima instead, since Line K2, which also runs through Tōkomachi and Chūōkomachi, was much quieter.
  In the same neighbourhood, some people, especially those from Chūōkokaoku Blocks 6, 7A and 7B, complained that FLR Kazeshima was making all the noise instead, and FLR Nansei-Gunto was much quieter. They even highlighted that their apartment was vibrating whenever a train passed. This was caused by the fact that FLR Kazeshima’s tracks run directly on their roofs.
  This caused major disagreements in northern Naka-Kazeshima. Every restaurant in the area was squabbling over which company made more noise. Some people deliberately put on earmuffs when entering FLR Nansei-Gunto’s stations, mocking them for the noise they make.
  Both FLR companies responded to this. On the 20th of August, FLR Nansei-Gunto shut down its services in Kazeshima for a day. People struggled to get to the main shopping district, and for some, Aomi Heliport, since they had to walk in the forest to get there in the first place. However, a small backfire was that Tokotoshokan was finally quiet, and not abrupted by noisy Line N1 trains. FLR Kazeshima also shut down its services for one day on the 24th of August. Unfortunately, that was the day when the Bee Movie Reading happened in Monte Isola. Kazeshimanese citizens struggled to get to Eumi Konaejima Seaplane Port, where there is a direct connection to Monte Isola. People had to walk all the way to Setsuritsumachi to get a Windferry to the seaplane port. Many people complained about the inefficiency of trying to get to Setsuritsumachi without FLR Kazeshima.
  For many, this shows them that both systems are equally efficient, and that they should not be judged. However, for some, especially FLR staff, the fight is still going on. FLR Kazeshima accused FLR Nansei-Gunto of “線路にスペースを消耗” and “東湖図書館に騒ぐ”, while FLR Nansei-Gunto accused FLR Kazeshima of “オウォ町の代わりにウヴ町でオウォ町駅を置いてたくさんの観光客を煙に巻く”. This disagreement is currently ongoing. █

Toilet Trouble in Foresne
  The city of Foresne witnessed some toilet trouble on August 14, 2020, as Yu Qi Di, a student from Shenmeadow Primary School caused some serious flooding in the city, which resulted in the mass evacuation of the city’s 354,738 residents.
  It all started at around 8am, when Yu Qi Di started his English class in classroom 4A in the Shenmeadow Primary School. At about 8:17am, Yu got permission to use the restroom. As there is no restroom in the school, Yu had to use the public toilet located at Lowland Circus, arriving at around 8:18am. Yu was using the toilet for 24 minutes until he returned to the school. He reportedly flushed the toilet paper down the toilet instead of using the wastebasket in the stall. As Yu was walking back to the school, the toilets began to overflow at around 8:20am. This was noticed by local residents and the public toilet was closed. Waste began to back up in toilets in other buildings throughout the city until 9:24am. At that time, a sudden surge of water caused by [REDACTED] caused many sinks,  showers, and toilets to suddenly overflow, causing large puddles around buildings.
  These puddles soon joined together, and it was declared a flood at 10:06am. Mayor i____7d declared a state of emergency, and the city began evacuating by district to neighboring Peacopolis. The first district to be evacuated was Central at 11:00am, and the last was Wontridge, with the last residents leaving at 1:45pm. By 3pm, all residents of Foresne were settled in evacuation centers throughout Peacopolis.
  “I am very disappointed in Yu Qi Di’s behavior. He has been given detention multiple times about his poor personal hygiene, but this is the last straw. I am extremely annoyed with this behavior!” said Mrs. Manners, Yu’s teacher. Yu and his father, Yu Liu Di were also interviewed, but the translation machine in Pasadena was not working.*
  Foresne’s residents had trouble adjusting to the change, mainly in transportation. Foresne’s residents had trouble navigating the city’s metro system. “I’m disappointed, but most of all, I’m confused,” said Yu Qi Jie, Yu Qi Di’s older sister. “The Peacopolis Metro is operated by FLR, so I expected high quality service like back home. However, this system is confusing as [expletive]! There are no signs within the system saying which train goes where, and there are very few station signs, so I don’t know where the [expletive] I’m going.” Drivers also had trouble navigating the city due to the lack of signage.
  Fortunately, the water was drained quickly using a mysterious technology known as CoreProtect, and Foresne’s residents were given the all-clear to return on the evening of August 17. This event will be remembered forever in the city’s history. █

Coronavirus Outbreak in Foresne
 Foresne and the rest of the Region of Lumeva were experiencing one of the largest outbreaks of COVID-19 in the MRT’s history, with Foresne Chinatown being ground zero. It all started on January 25, 2020, the first day of the Lunar New Year, when a customer at the S’ Mart location in Foresne Chinatown came in contact with a bat carrying COVID-19. They then went to eat at the Nanxiang  Zhongcan restaurant, where the disease spread to everyone on the premises. It then spread throughout the city after diners rode the FLR light rail system. Upon hearing about this, Foresne’s mayor instructed government officials to keep quiet about the outbreak, as it would impact tourism to Foresne, which would reduce FLR ticket sales, in turn reducing revenue to government officials. This resulted in the mysterious disappearance of many people, who were later revealed to be hidden in secret tunnels under Totem Beach. Several months later, on August 10, 2020, on an exceptionally windy day in Foresne, a classified document about the crisis flew out of a Foresnese government office and into the Shenmeadow Primary School, where a teacher posted it on social media with an angry caption. Government censors attempted to scrub the image, but it was already reposted several times by Foresne’s citizens, so mayor i____7d had no choice but to declare a state of emergency. The city was put on lockdown, with all road and rail links to the city suspended. All public transportation was suspended as well. All residents were forced to stay indoors, only going out for essential needs. However, on August 11, 2020, all the cases had been cured after the discovery of a mysterious substance called Milk™ and everything was back to normal. This incident will forever haunt the Foresnese’s minds. █

The Epsilia Paradox: What Is It?
 The Epsilia headquarters in Kazeshima, Nansei-Gunto is known for being a holy building for Totem Beach, with every Totem Beach citizen getting a state sanctioned trip to the building. However, The Epsilia is banned in Totem Beach, due to it being “fake.” This brings up the question: If The Epsilia is fake, does that mean the tower is unholy? Or, is The Epsilia actually holy?
  Totem Beach-based scientist Dr. Fox gives us her take on it: “The Epsilia Paradox is a very strange and complicated occurrence. The Totem Beach government contradicts itself, as The Epsilia headquarters are holy, therefore The Epsilia should be holy, but according to the government it is a lie. After several years of extensive research, I observed that The Epsilia headquarters is holy as it is featured in Cong Ming, an internet meme worshipped by the Totem Beach government. Quite frankly, I don’t see the appeal in Cong Ming, therefore I have come to the conclusion that the building is not holy or unholy, and the same goes for the newspaper.”
  Dr. Fox was then kidnapped by the Totem Beach government as Unikitty, Puppycorn, Hawkodile, and Richard made a major attempt to get her back. A bystander recognized the kidnapper as Crimson V. Master. A mob of workers from Haversham chased after Master, as the Totem Beach PAW Patrol suppressed the mob by arresting the workers and dousing them with tear gas. Master was then escorted on a plane at the Raven Simon Airport and flew to an unknown location. █

Crimson V. Master tried in Keriyowna
  On August 27, 2020, Crimson V. Master was tried in Keriyowna for the murder of Mac McDonald and Frank Reynolds in the early hours of August 15, 2020. Master was a state agent sent by the government of the People’s Republic of Totem Beach, an authfuritarian regime known for its hate crimes towards the furry and gay communities and its violations of human rights.
  The Totem Beach government claims McDonald and Reynolds were traitors and terrorists to the state. Freskooo, a bystander at the scene of the crime, was the first to testify.  “I brought Mac with a boat to his working space and a min later, Crimson put him on fire and started killing him,” he testified. He had no connections to Mac and Frank.
  Next, Crimson V. Master made a statement, stating “Mac and Frank were brutal criminals who disgraced the Glorious Party of Our Nation. We shall hold them accountable for their filthy ideas, and never relent. We brought them to justice, all rejoice!” Master’s lawyer, learnsads8, stated, “I'm learnsads8, Crimson's lawyer. Your honour, my client is mentally insane and was going through a psychotic episode during the event. They assumed it  was self defence [sic].” learnsads8 was promptly fired and replaced with Chris Kratt, one of the hosts on Public Broadcasting Service and TV Ontario children’s program Wild Kratts, and a national hero of Totem Beach as proclaimed by Master.\
  Deputy mayor mi_aquamarine was next to testify, stating that a doctor named Doc McStuffins rushed to the scene to help the two men, but was promptly kidnapped by Crimson V. Master to sing in Spanish in a propaganda video named Cong Ming.
  SansNotLuigi then gave a statement connecting the 1992 – present rock band Weezer to the Totem Beach government. Francesca, a Waypoint check-in counter assistant working at LAR testified, "My name is Francesca, and I saw the evil in Master's eyes as he exited the airport to take a bus to Keriyowna. I believe he did it very much intentionally."
  Master made a statement afterwards, simply stating, "yerf." He then proceeded to splash anthrax on people in the courtroom, fatally shooting Freskooo in the process. He was rushed to hospital while Master was detained during sentencing. Master was eventually sentenced to life in prison without parole, however he promptly escaped the courtroom, shooting Federated States president DintyB to death. His whereabouts are unknown and are being tracked down by governments all across the MRT. █

Crimson V. Master steals from library
  On August 31, 2020, a new book, Not So Shiok Lah by mi_aquamarine was added to the collection of the Beachview City Library, to much avail. It is an educational book detailing the history of the authfuritarian regime of the People’s Republic of Totem Beach. However, Crimson V. Master, who was previously on the run after being sentenced to life in prison without parole in Keriyowna, reportedly received government orders to steal the books and destroy them.
  Master was caught at the library at 11:47 am local time stealing all but five copies of the book. (The remaining five copies were obtained by pretzel33 and will be used as Federated States historic text.) Fortunately, the stolen copies were able to be quickly reprinted and the library implemented stricter security measures, such as a security system powered using mysterious chemicals. He was later tried at 2 pm that day, where he proceeded to burn the books. He was then sentenced by judge EliteNeon to buffet style execution, lethal injection, electric chair, guillotine, and a 28 lane expressway being built through Sand. He was charged with Tom Petty theft, public vandalism, and cursing near a lady. He then escaped via a RailNorth train, and his current whereabouts are unknown. █

Nean Library bombed by human rights group
  The Nean Library was recently bombed on August 18, 2020 by a human rights advocacy group known as the Australia Foundation. This comes after the Crossfern government violated human rights by banning Shenghuanian mayor and Nanseisian governor mi_aquamarine from the Nean Library, blocking the city’s freedom of information. It is the only library in the city. These incidents have deteriorated relations between the ROE and UNET, which has an alliance with Crossfern. Several sanctions have been placed on its member cities in response to the human rights violations. In addition, many Epsilonian cities are staging boycotts on UNET-made goods. █

Mi_Aquamarine Should Be Unbanned From The Nean Library
 Mi_Aquamarine Should Be Unbanned From The Nean Library In Crossfern. The Ban Was Unreasonable, Unfair, And Unjustified. Mi_Aquamarine Should Be Unbanned Because He Deserves To Be Unbanned. Mi_Aquamarine Deserves To Go To The Nean Library. Mi_Aquamarine Loves The Nean Library Very Much. Mi_Aquamarine Believes The Nean Library Is The Best Library In The Universe. If Mi_Aquamarine Is Not Unbanned, The World Will Cease To Exist. You Have Been Warned. █

DintyB breaks into Jesus Christ’s house
  On the H Lab Minecraft server, which is used for making designs for the MRT Hyperloop, a new freebuilding world was created. At the spawn, the house of Jesus Christ was made by mi_aquamarine. A few minutes later, DintyB, the president of the Federated States of the New World, posted a screenshot of him inside Jesus Christ’s house on Discord. Mi_aquamarine quickly took note of this, and DintyB became a wanted criminal in Nansei-Gunto. If caught, DintyB is sentenced to being sacrificed to Francesca in the Francesca Shrine in New Singapore. █

New capital breaks ground as evictions take effect in Hut Kong and the rest of Name Pending
  On September 26th, 2020, amidst the chaos caused by the disorderly eviction of all the citizens of Name Pending, the first blocks of the new capital of the REPUBLIC, Autunno had been laid.
  This is the first article written from the newly built Epsilia Autunno office, which still lacks any significant furniture beyond my laptop and the cold, stone brick floor. Send help my editor is forcing me to write articles from The Epsilia office dungeon. Why does The Epsilia office have a dungeon? On second thought, there is a translation machine here, but translation machines are scary, speaking from experience. I hope I don’t need to use it very often… █

Original Epsilonian navy boat that discovered the land of Autunno to be preserved by government
  As the Epsilonian navy ship that first discovered Autunno, the HMS Autunno, the oldest ship in its fleet, had been operational as of the demolition of Hut Kong, Government officials decided to immortalize its legacy as part of the roundabout directly across from parliament. As this slightly odd decision took place, many citizens of the REPUBLIC have heavily memed the ship.
  It now lays perfectly preserved at the junction between two of the busiest roads in Autunno, Epsilon Avenue and Name Pending Parkway. Some citizens are even calling for the boat to be the official symbol of the borough of Eastminster, a movement that has received a few dozen signatures on an online petition website, an impressive number considering people are only starting to move into Autunno. █

Chaotic eviction process ensues as Autunno starts construction
 As members of the capital city council began the demolition of Name Pending, amidst extreme violence by the citizens of Hut Kong, capital city council member Johngi brought a bulldozer to the scene, only further enraging protesters. As the day neared its end, however, the protesters were eventually all arrested, and no one knows what happened to the citizens of Hut Kong who remained to fight for their independence.
  Many citizens of Sand, who supported the independence of Hut Kong, expressed their discontentment on social media platforms, as the official twitter account of the government of Sand speaks out against the actions of the REPUBLIC. As anti-ER sentiment rises, many wonder how the government can preserve its image amidst the chaos. █

Autunno Citizens raise quality concerns about construction as Autunno LDC brought to trial over monopolistic practices
  Some days ago, many began to raise their eyebrows when it was revealed that every building in Autunno, the new capital of the REPUBLIC, was built by the Autunno Land Development Corporation, headed by Weier, including the parliament and city hall, vitally important buildings to the core functions of the city and the REPUBLIC. Under the potential pretext of joint development with capital city mayor Frosty_Creeper10 to construct the Autunno City Hall, as well as winning the bid for the building of the parliament, amongst other concerning reports.
  When asked to address their concerns, city council member Johngi spouted a few tsundere~esque lines before stepping off stage. As citizens remain confused about the state of their housing market, Autunno LDC, as well as its sister companies Shahai LDC and Savage City LDC, continues to build more buildings, faster and cheaper than competitors, after leaving a trial on monopolistic practices in Savage City unscathed. █

Borough of Eastminster expanding at rapid pace, amid discourse between council members over natural reserves
 As buildings line up streets seemingly immediately after the asphalt dries, the expansion of the Borough of Eastminster seems to be unstoppable, although, with the planned city hall due to go straight into a forest reserve, members of the city council seem to be at a complete disagreement on what to do, as architects received confusing mixed messages about what to do with the city hall. With a rare show of indifference among the population, city council members engage in heated debates over the viability of razing a city protected forest to the ground for the sake of development. █

Rail to be planned in Autunno
  As progress in building Autunno kicks in, it is important that Autunno gets good transport to match its growth. Rail is one of the most useful modes of transport that can bring visitors to a city.
  In Autunno, there are two stations planned. The first station will be located inside the city, close to Eastminster. It will have architecture that will blend into the surrounding Victorian-style buildings. This station aims to make getting into the city center easier for commuters into Autunno.
  The second station will be located north of the Green Belt, and will be a through station to accommodate bypassing trains north of Autunno. This will potentially also be a junction station for trains coming into the city. i____7d has proposed a design for this station, with 14 platforms, plus shops, a station hotel and a rooftop bar.
  The Capital Planning Committee is looking forward to making progress in Autunno, and that these rail plans will come into fruition. █

Capital City Mayor Frosty_Creeper10 gets banned, leaving Weier as new Mayor of Autunno
  Following the recent GSM, the mayor of Autunno, Frosty_Creeper10, was banned, leaving many uncertain as to the fate of the new capital of the Republic. As his last act as Capital City Mayor, he named Weier as his deputy, therefore making him his successor to the position.
  “Now I have to pick a deputy, I’m super indecisive aaaaa” was the response we received after a request for a comment from the newly inducted mayor, Weier. On another note, The Epsilia office in Autunno still isn’t furnished, meaning I’m still stuck in the dungeon send help although the translation machine was sent here via off-road Jeep from the headquarters in Kazeshima, as Autunno still has no links to the outside world.
  Plans have been made for rail connections, although many agree that it is still too early to have a train station at this stage in the capital’s development. We will watch your career the development of the capital with great interest. █

Mild wave hits Shahai
 On October 2nd, 2020, the MRT Geological Association had given a tsunami warning to the area around Shahai and Kazeshima following a magnitude 4.1 earthquake near the eastern coast of Shahai.
  However, this amounted to an 8 ft wave that hit the newly reclaimed areas of Shahai as well as the Shahai ferry terminal, slightly damaging am HBL Florentina line boat, as well as giving minor injuries to a man who was sweeping the platforms of the ferry terminal, referred to as the “new guy” by colleagues who were asked to identify the man. He was given a piece of gum and the rest of the day off as compensation.
  When asked about the tsunami, Kazeshima mayor i____7d despondent with 「津波？何の津波？」 Unfortunately, as the Autunno office hasn’t been fitted with a translation machine yet, we could not decipher its meaning. █

New amusement park in Shahai in planning as Ferris Wheel opens
 On September 28th, 2020, the Shahai tourism board, along with Worrski Amusement Parks (WAP) announced the first redstone powered, operational Ferris wheel on the server, a great place for tourists to visit, if repairs on it will be done anytime soon. Redstone engineers from WAP are working day and night to fix the problems in the unique piece of machinery as soon as possible, to be on deadline for the grand opening, which had already been postponed twice. WIth amazing views of Nansei Gunto from 165 meters in the air, with a viewing distance of more than 1000 meters on especially clear days (1024=64chunks*16blocks), with roller coasters and other rides planned near it as well in the near future, it will surely be something you can’t miss while stopping by the region of Nansei Gunto. █

Technician falls to death from Shahai Wheel
 On Friday, October 16th, a technician working for Worrski Amusement Parks fell off the Shahai Wheel while doing pre-opening maintenance on the red stone components of the wheel. The technician’s body was found at 2AM by a man doing who knows what in the middle of the night. This has set back the opening date of the attraction for the fifth time since preliminary construction was completed. An official message sent by the mayor of Shahai on multiple social media platforms read simply “Press F to pay respects'' with 921 replies of only the letter F. When asked for comment from WAP, the current CEO, Worrski, responded with “just gave you a topic to write 9 pages about in The Epsilia”. █

Wenyanga Mayor infuriated by island claiming spree
  Recently, it had come to public attention that, besides Kazeshima, many other towns had claims in their surrounding waters that were described as “completely ridiculous, ludicrous, absolute bs” by the mayor of Wenyanga, Mr. Airplane Guynine.
  Ignoring the biggest claimed, Kazeshima, St Helena held 3 islands, and Shahai claimed all the water, as well as the islands in it, between its southern tip and the swamp on the mainland. With Wenyanga being one of only 2 Nansei Gunto towns not on an island, he raised the issue in the most recent meeting for the mayors of Nansei Gunto in New Singapore, the capital of the region, where he was once again heavily memed by internet users on social media.
  With plans on building things such as airfields, military bases, as well as rocket launch centres on these “illegally claimed islands”, this conflict will remain on our watch list for at least the near future. A counter opinion from an unlikely place came, though, with many citizens of New Singapore thinking that claiming islands isn’t inherently bad, as island conflicts led to the creation of New Singapore. What happens next in the chaotic world of Nansei Gunto’s island conflicts remains to be seen. █

Kazeshima and the letter E
  Kazeshima has recently been more obsessed with the letter E, and the rest of the world is very confused as to why. There have also been more and more manifestations of “Breaking News: Kazeshima e” in headlines of newspapers around the world.

  「Eの現象は奇妙、意外です。」, says Tanaka Shigeru, a resident of Kazeshima who started the E craze. As a celebrity, he influenced many people when he was taking a picture of the sign at Daremachi station when he had to move in front to make way for the passengers coming out of the recently-arrived train. His finger then accidentally pressed the shutter button, and took the ‘e’ in ‘Daremachi’. He found it really amusing, and decided to post it on the internet anyway. Moments later, many people took notice of his post, and started reposting the picture all over the internet. One of the people who spread the letter E craze was the mayor of Kazeshima, i____7d.
  Businesses in Kazeshima immediately took advantage of the E trend and started making souvenirs, creating discounts, and promoting challenges, all about the letter E. For example, ForesCompany gives customers a 50% discount if they can say and hold ‘E’ for the longest time. E souvenirs popped up in ForesDept Owomachi as well. E-ramen appeared in menus in the Central Market’s ramen stalls, and Brown-Es are now a new recipe published by Windstore. By far the weirdest is that Windstore now sells E pasta, which is like alphabet pasta but without all the letters except E.
  This E craze immediately got recognition by the rest of the world, with news sites, newspapers, and news channels sharing the same headline almost every day. 「風島はいよいよ有名です。僕が開始するのEの流行は有名を開始したと思います。新聞に僕の名前が見て、僕の影響を考えます。自分に驚きます。」, says Tanaka Shigeru. When asked, 「好き文字は何ですか？」, he responded with a resounding “E”.
  This E trend currently still goes on in Kazeshima. We and many other people hope that this trend will not die off because it is what makes Kazeshima unique. After all, this E trend is E-sy to spread. █

FS to stay neutral in attempts to bring Crimson V Master to trial for crimes committed in Nansei Gunto
  On October 2nd, 2020, a request for the extradition of wanted criminal Crimson Fox, also known by an alias Crimson V. Master, back to the REPUBLIC was responded to in a letter addressed to Mr. Airplane Guynine, temporary representative of the Region of Nansei-Gunto, by the Vice President of the Federated States, Mr. M Polo. Reading:

"To: M. Guynine 
Ambassador to the State of Nansei-Gunto

Dear Mr. Ambassador, 

With all the respect I have for New Singapore State Court, I am however forced to stay neutral in this affair. The Federated States administration doesn’t have the power to intervene into the affairs regarding its members towns. 

Nansei Gunto can of course, start judicial procedures against M.Fox, but the Government of the Federated States will not protect nor arrest him. 

Personally, I hope the Nansei-Gunto justice will punish the crimes if it’s really the case.

Regards,
M.Polo
Vice-president of the Federated States"

  Albeit not the best result, as they have responded that they will not protect Mr. Fox, this is a major victory for the government of Nansei-Gunto, as citizens call for him to be brought to justice for his crimes against the people of Nansei Gunto. █

Autunno city council members frustrated mountain won’t die
  During this month, a single mountain has been blocking the expansion of Autunno, which borders a natural reserve to be violated to paste in the city hall. Occasionally, city council members can be seen terraforming with a super shovel and super pick at the mountain, only to give up later, because who wants to terraform right? The people of Autunno are calling they’re city council incompetent due to the fact that they can’t remove. A single mountain. “They have super tools! Just get rid of the mountain!” Said one citizen we asked on the street. Boredom is found to cause 100% of cases of premature quitting of terraforming. There is still no cure for boredom, unfortunately. So, only time will tell whether that mountain will eventually be removed. █

Sovereign-1 mission to depart from South Zeta
  The newly established NGSA has officially announced that the launch of the first rocket, Sovereign-1, will not launch from the Wenyanga Space Center as originally planned. This comes as one of the first announcements by the new agency, based in Wenyanga and headed by mayor Airplane Guynine.
  This is due to setbacks in the construction of the A63 towards the Center, and more funds to be allocated to Mission Control in New Singapore. The area has been chosen already, and construction will start promptly on a launchpad. The rockets will be assembled north of New Singapore, and shipped to the WSC. 
  The Sovereign-1 space mission will be part of the Sovereign series of missions, which aim to test out and finalize different rocket designs, plus study more on rocket aerodynamics and behavior, as well as orbital physics for use in future missions. The NGSA hopes to make rockets that land themselves in the future.
  The Wenyanga Space Center is the area where all missions will be launched. It is planned to contain a launch pad and a command and technological centre for study. Originally planned to be on Macece (Grief) Island, the centre will now be around 500b north of Wenyanya.
The interest in space exploration comes after the success of the FSAA’s Eureka I mission. The craft launched from South Zeta Space Center in Cape Cambridge on November 1, and successfully entered orbit, amid cheers from many people around the world. The mission was to release the Valkyrie satellite, in order to find out more about the origins of the universe. The craft spent two days in orbit, and splashed down safely in Thanos Bay, north of Sunshine Coast, after a successful mission.

Ntoni shot dead in gang fight after controversial meeting
  The Head of Finance for Wenyanga, Mr. Kagahla Ntoni, has been shot dead in a gang fight, Wenyangan police say. This comes after a controversial meeting between Ntoni and Mayor Guynine about allocation of funds for the FSAA.
  Ntoni was allegedly walking down the street towards the Sandile Apartments at roughly 2am on November 1, when a group of four men ambushed him, two of whom were holding small handguns. They fired four shots each, two impaling Ntoni’s leg, another one cracking his skull and another one piercing his heart, killing him instantly. One bullet hit a man in the torso a few yards behind, he was rushed to the ER and is confirmed stable. 
  The men fled, however one was shot by police while fleeing. Another was caught by police in the early hours of November 2. The two remaining perpetrators have yet to be found, however police are offering a R2,000 (MRT$160) reward for the two men each, dead or alive. Their connections are unknown, though they may belong to criminal Crimson Fox, who is currently locked up in St Helena.
  Ntoni was described as a “humble man who put his heart into the welfare of Wenyangans.” He will be missed dearly by friends and family. Mayor Guynine televised a speech on his passing, and announced a private funeral at his home for a later date. This will be a major setback to the Nansei-Gunto space programme, which is now jointly funded with the Wenyangan Space Administration (WSA), the FSAA, and more recently the Minecraftia Association. 
  According to the FSAA, the Eureka II mission will launch on time despite the setback. █

Typhoon Fūsai to hit Shahai
  On November 10, the MRT Geological Society picked up a developing tropical storm 600b south of Shahai. The storm rapidly intensified over the next 36 hours into a Category 3 typhoon, and was given the name Fūsai. It is expected to make landful in the next three days as a Category 4 typhoon, and pass northeast towards Wenyanga, bypassing Kazeshima and Shenghua. Those in the storm path are advised to take shelter, and stock on any necessary goods.  █

Lack of development makes Wenyanga mayor give Shahai government permission to build buildings in Wenyanga
  On Tuesday, October 27th, after no development was carried in Wenyanga for the who knows how many consecutive amount of weeks, when officials in the Shahai Government expressed boredom, Wenyanga mayor Airplane Guynine made an appearance, asking Weier in the Nansei Gunto discord to build in Wenyanga. This was, once again, as any action by the mayor of Wenyanga, heavily memed by citizens across Nansei Gunto. Although, with the duties of interim governor on Mr. Airplane Guynine, it would seem understandable that his priorities aren’t on development in Wenyanga. █

Space observatory opens in remote location close to Shahai
  On Thursday, November 12th, a tweet by the Nansei Gunto Space Agency unveiled a new space observation telescope south of Shahai. The 2.4 billion NG¥ project, one of the most expensive projects undertaken jointly by NGSA and the Shahai government and the only one to date. It was built with the purpose of studying exoplanets in solar systems far away, and to record solar eclipses and other such events for scientific evaluation. “Whyyyyyy why did you build this in a swamp it’s hard to get to it’s filled with mosquitos there’s not enough bug spray in the universe to rid this swamp of these nuisances” said one scientist assigned to work in the observatory. █

Shahai Metro construction workers use wrong blueprint, causing tunnel boring machines to collide with each other
On Friday, November 20th, a relatively large tremor was felt near Century Square station in Shahai, caused by 2 very large, expensive tunnel boring machines colliding into each other due to miscoordination between both teams of TBM operators. After further investigation was made, it was found that one team used inaccurate blueprints, which is believed to be the cause of the accident. Fortunately, no one was injured, but this is said to push back the opening date of the green line metro by more than a month. █

The Complete Region of Nansei-Gunto Travel Guide, Part 1 - Kazeshima
  As one of the most internally integrated regions in the Republic, the region of Nansei-Gunto has been subject to a motor boom in tourism in the past few months, seen by the HBL warp statistics for Kazeshima Ferry Terminal. From accommodations to attractions to food to gifts, this is the complete travel guide to the region of Nansei-Gunto. 
Kazeshima 
Picture: Kazeshima Ferry Terminal, approximately 700m from mainland Kazeshima.
  Kazeshima Ferry Terminal is likely where you’ll enter the region, unless you’re rich enough to afford tickets on seaplane or helicopter flights. And even if you could afford it, most people would choose to take a boat anyway, as it offers a much more comfortable experience, as well as transfers to multiple other islands in the archipelago. For many cities, a boat is the only way of travelling to the outside world, although incredibly efficient and comfortable.
  Although there are alternatives, if you were to arrive in Kazeshima, for the first day, we recommend taking the boat that departs every 20 minutes to Setsuritsumachi, on Naka-Kazeshima, where it will probably already be late afternoon to evening, when arriving from outside of Nansei Gunto. The home of many large corporations in the region, such as, most notably, the Epsilia, Kazeshima certainly doesn’t lack hotels. We recommend the ForesInn Setsuritsumachi branch for your stay, which provides a comfortable experience for a reasonable price, as well as breakfast. Food in Kazeshima is very easy to acquire, although if you’re looking for food native to Kazeshima, you’d have to try the many food stalls in Chūōkōen. 
Picture: Mainland Kazeshima and some of the outlying islands.
  After eating your complimentary breakfast, you can set off to sightsee the many parts of Kazeshima, with Windboat being your best friend for the day, which connects most of the outlying Kazeshimanese isles to mainland Kazeshima. If you prefer to wander around the mainland, take advantage of public transit, such as FLR Kazeshima. Each island has its own quirks, notably one with foxes everywhere. Many restaurants and serverwide franchises can be found in Kazeshima, so a lack of variety certainly isn’t a problem.
  On your third day, after eating breakfast again, you could either head back to the ferry terminal, or head to the FLR Nansei Gunto station, which is projected to have all of Nansei Gunto connected by rail in the near future. From here, the most efficient path would be to go to Shahai, then take a boat back to Kazeshima, perhaps with a stop at Mole Island on the way, for a quick half day excursion, after which you can transfer to Shenghua. See more in the next issue of the Complete Travel Guide to the Region of Nansei-Gunto This month’s Epsilia release contains a double issue! Find out what’s next on the next page! █

The Complete Region of Nansei-Gunto Travel Guide, Part 2 - Shahai
  Shahai, as a town developing at an extremely rapid pace following its initial economic stagnation in the beginning of the year, has opened a flurry of tourist attractions aimed to attract visitors to its soil. As tourism is one of the most profitable sectors in the business world, it is especially useful for Shahai, which risks running on too much of a deficit to fund its many planned land reclamation and construction projects, most notably many artificial islands in Lake Gunto to strengthen its maritime claims in the region. It hopes that tourists can bring in enough revenue to cover the mounting costs of development, as quality of life across the region rises, along with minimum wages. With many incentives for private companies, as well as state run companies dedicating more resources for tourism, it seems like there will be an endless amount of things to do when you visit Shahai in the future. 
A more recent completion of a project is the Shahai Wheel, scheduled to open by the end of the month. It’s in its final phases of testing, with the sight of redstone engineers scrambling around and on top of the frame of the wheel, rushing to make it in time for the opening date. Roller coaster rides are also planned, forming Shahai Worrskiland.
With 2 new shopping centres planned, one of them nearing completion, the future is looking optimistic for the Shahai Tourism Board. Unfortunately, it can get quite expensive when looking for lodging, with the price growing exponentially the more people you take with you, as well as the higher your room is, with rooms above floor 22 regularly being priced at above NG¥75,000. However, the price does reflect the service, with some hotels offering exclusive lounges and spas for hotel guests. There are no budget hotels to speak of here, which may change in the future, but unless you plan to spend a lot of money here, you may be better off either coming here for a day trip, or skipping it entirely. The Shahai IFC mall, with 101 different stores inside, is one of the largest malls in Nansei Gunto, so you can take advantage of that if shopping is your idea of fun.
  You can also charter a small boat to get you to the end of Lake Gunto, to the south of Shahai, where, aside from seeing swamplands and fascinating ecosystems, there’s also the Shahai planetarium, attached to the observatory, if that’s to your fancy. As the last boat of the day leaves, you can look over to witness the city light up as the sun sets, a popular place to take a photo for posting on social media platforms. As Shahai, much like Shenghua, uses QR codes to pay, you probably want to get a supported app in advance.
The overnight boat will leave you at Kazeshima Ferry Terminal in the morning, and we’d recommend this option if you’re low on money. You could then head to Shenghua and Wenyanga, for the next leg of your journey across Nansei Gunto. 
See more in the next issue of the Complete Travel Guide to the Region of Nansei-Gunto! █

Aviation Roundup 3
  Another month passes. Or three. But once again, the REPUBLIC continues to produce more and more aviation news for us to show. Honestly, I have no clue what I'm writing. Exams have been tearing me to shreds recently, and I decide that now is a good time to write something. Sitting here in my office in Wenyanga, with my editor unable to speak English without our (constantly broken) translator machine, and my coworker locked up in an Epsilia dungeon in Autunno. Things could be worse, y’know.
ViaFly launch new subsidiary 
  ViaFly has announced the launch of its brand new subsidiary, ViaConnector. This airline hopes to act as a feeder airline on flights that are not between ViaFly hubs. The airline has yet to take off, however will operate with homemade Azure aircraft. ViaConnector is the third of the three airlines in the ViaFly group: ViaFly, ViaRose and ViaConnector.
  ViaFly has been all over the world since its inception in June 2020. The airline was founded by Meridian president Avia Blue, and has grown in popularity since that time. It is partially owned by the ViaTransit group and Azure Aerospace, which manufactures not only aircraft for the ViaFly group, but rolling stock for ViaRail and even spacecraft for the FSAA. It has a prominent hub at Fort Yaxier International Airport.
FlyMighty also launches subsidiary
  FlyMighty’s president, Emgee “Mighty” Wern, has announced that a joint venture with FlyLumeva will be launching in the coming months. The airline will be named FlyMightyX, and will operate long haul flights out of Antioch and Southoak. Wern stated that he agreed to the starting of a long haul airline after being approached by FlyLumeva CEO Airplane Guynine.
  FlyMighty was originally called FlyCycle, and was a subsidiary of Infamous. It left the Infamous Group in 2020, and was renamed to FlyMighty. It operates a fleet of EAM Z-10s and SI-A-300s.
Subway Industries heading to court after yet another incident
  The FlyLumeva Group, as well as ViaTransit, is filing a class-action lawsuit against Subway Industries, specifically their aerospace division. This comes after the ninth and most recent SI-A-300 engine failure, which happened to ViaFly flight 2, between Murrville and Deadbush. The flight suffered a right engine failure, and was forced to divert to Fort Yaxier. 
  When asked about the incident, ViaFly Group CEO Avia Blue stated that “we are looking into the incident, as this seems to be a recurring thing among SI-A-300s.” Blue mentioned that the issue lay in the SubJet engines. “The SI-A-100-1, -100-2 and -300 aircraft use the same series of SubJet engines, namely the SJ-E-235 and -392 engines each. The issue does not happen on SubJet fitted EAM X-100s and X-500s as well as SI-A-100-8s or -100-9s since they use the SJ-E-6X and -8X engines.”
  The incidents gained attention in July when Waypoint flight 128 suffered a catastrophic failure to its left engine. The engine caught fire on touchdown forcing the pilot to declare Mayday and evacuate the aircraft. The wing burnt off, and the aircraft was declared a hull loss.
MCAO investigation to start on FlyJeomto flight
  The MCAO has announced that it will begin an official investigation for FlyJeomto flight 5, which crashed just outside of Jeomto on August 5. The flight was going routinely, when it struck a tree on approach and hit the ground. The explosion from the crash was recorded from security cameras in the area. All 8 on board the EAM Z-10 were killed instantly following the crash. █

Autunno expands into mountains, with new borough created, as mountain still exists.
  On Thursday, November 26, The capital of the Republic, Autunno, announced the creation of a new borough, Autunno Highlands. With the borough code of 3, Autunno Highlands, characterized by its beautiful scenery, quaint atmosphere, and ridiculous housing prices, lies to the west of Eastminster and the Parliament, a ferry terminal and roads are planned to link the highlands with the rest of Autunno, where you can admire the wondrous mountains and unique land formations. A famous tourist attraction is the first church in Autunno, lying on a peninsula close to the water, where the ferry port will reside. On another note, progress has been made on the mountain, though it is still standing. Some on social media believe that the creation of the new borough is to distract from the lack of development in Eastminster brought about by the mountain in the middle of Epsilon Avenue, which the city council vehemently denies. Only time will tell if Epsilon Avenue will ever expand past the infamous mountain, dubbed “Mount Pain-in-the-ass” by locals.

Sovereign mission ‘on hold’  due to other issues
  Governor Airplane Guynine of Wenyanga, the leader of the NGSA, has announced that the Sovereign mission has been delayed by a month due to 'issues I won't discuss’. The mayor, who has been heavily memed by citizens, particularly those from Shahai, spoke at a presentation on December 6 in Shenghua to address the region of the status of the Sovereign mission.
  We spoke with Guynine afterward to ask him about the mission. “This mission will be a very important one in the history of the Epsilon Republic”, he told us, “and we will be there to witness it happen.” The launch is scheduled to take place in late January, and “may be operated by the FSAA”.
  As usual, the citizens of Nansei-Gunto were fed up with the delays and setbacks to their beloved nation's program due to their unbeloved leader, and so took to Facebook and Twitter to, in one Kazeshimanese’s words, “meme the utter living shit out of the bastard”. These memes were different: now they're bordering on aggressive. █

Mayors memed at Peacopolis airport meeting
 In the closing weeks of November, Lumevan citizens were left unimpressed after a proposal to establish Peacopolis International Airport, Lumeva’s busiest airport, was denied by Their Highnesses the Admods. According to Sir Godzill Train, the airport was too big for the city. However, the blame was placed on Foresne mayor Eise Evendee, the known fox lover [what no I like ducks more] and our newspaper’s glorious owner.
  Apparently, he had completely messed up calculations when measuring the space needed for the field. This completely shocked Lumeva, and a row of meetings ensued between the Lumevan mayors over space needed and airport plans. The Epsilia is proud to report that, once again, Guynine lost his temper and threw his shoe at Southoak mayor Kay T. Kren. Kren responded by breaking his coffee mug by throwing it at Guynine’s face, and was escorted out the room.
  The Epsilia has confirmed some of the memes we've seen thus far are the funniest and stupidest Guynine memes produced. █

Typhoon Fūsai does absolutely nothing
  In our last issue, we pointed out that the Category 4 typhoon known as typhoon Fūsai was to hit Shahai, and we're proud to announce that we pulled a (Note from editor: Please don't use other companies in our article) and got that one wrong. The typhoon was expected to make landfall on November 25, causing storm surges up to 8m high and wrecking the Ferris wheel again. 
  However, it suddenly turned left and began intensifying very slowly, but picking up pace. It tore through a small uninhabited island, and was about to reach category 5 status, when it met the edge. Now, as everyone knows, the edge is the most violent force on the MRT. It is so violent it teleports those who come into contact with it a few blocks away from the edge.
  However, it only does this to animate objects. With things like clouds, they are torn to shreds. And unfortunately for typhoon Fūsai, it was meeting a much stronger force than itself. It was strong enough to cross the edge and onto the Old World, but passengers transiting through MRT International reported “a loud crash, and sudden mild storm clouds.”
  The Epsilia will be obtaining weather reports from Autunno instead of New Singapore from 10 December onwards, so we can be more accurate. Unlike (Note from editor: STOP IT!). █

Emperor SilverBubble of China gets trapped in cave under Shahai
 On Friday, December 11, on a diplomatic trip to Shahai, the emperor of China, SilverBubble was reported missing. A frantic search for the emperor ensued, before someone noticed the emperor live streaming himself trying to escape from a cave, which was found to be one of the many cave systems under Shahai. 
  People were confused as to how he got there, but they located the cave entrance, and waited there with a boat and emergency supplies. The police managed to track his position down due to him live streaming himself trying to exit the cave on video sharing platforms. After having been picked up by rescue divers at the cave entrance, he proclaimed, “I guess I still have the Mandate of Heaven”, and then was promptly taken to a hospital for health checks. Police are still investigating the cause of how he got himself into a cave. Since then, the picture of him exiting the cave, captured by the divers, has become a meme. █

Thousands of fish massacred in Ottia
  On Friday, December 18, hundreds of chemicals (Harming II Splash Potion) were dropped into the waters off of airport island in Ottia, in hopes of clearing lag for mayor Mr Oshawott Twelve.
  Unfortunately, as dead fish drop their bodies, this did not improve the situation, and eventually the killing ended. People were outraged by the supposed lack of care for the environment. Mayor Oshawott responded with “they keep respawning” causing some to view his stance as environmentally sound, while others find it unethical. It is believed that the water will not be safe to fish from for at least the next week, as cleaning operations commence. █

Supermarket raided in New Singapore, dozens of soft drinks stolen
  On Saturday, December 19, Mr Wo Henke (我很渴) and Mr Xu Yaohe (需要喝) were convicted with grand theft, felony, and high treason, and have been sentenced to 22 years in St Helena. The thieves made off with 8 12 packs of soda at a supermarket in New Singapore 2 days prior. 
　　Video footage showed 3 men in masks had entered the store at around 9 PM Nansei Gunto Time, and proceeded to fill 2 large duffel bags with all the soda in the freezer. They then threatened the cashier with a pebble and an elastic band slingshot, and proceeded to run out of the store. Police were called immediately, and they managed to stop the 2 criminals at the port, when they were at the security checks. They had planned to go to Kappen, in the FS, where Nansei Gunto police had no jurisdiction.
　　There was much public outcry, as they felt the sentence was too light for the 2 criminals, who had done the most immoral act of stealing soda from a supermarket. One internet user says “怎么可以投汽水，他们因该死” As the Autunno translator was updating at the time, we could not translate the text. █

Hackers take control of Epsilia HQ’s computers
  On Saturday, December 5, hackers found their way into the computers of the epsilia headquarters in Kazeshima, Nansei Gunto. Their impact on this month’s epsilia is unknown, but the security breach has led Epsilia staff to tighten cyber security measures, such as using EpsilonVPN for 50% off your first 3 months with the code on the back of the newspaper.
  When asked if they knew what they were doing, an employee responded with: “何ですか？分かりません、僕はピザの配達人です。” The Autunno and Pasadena translation machines were both inoperable, so we unfortunately could not translate the response. █

e
E, g  █

Shahai finance minister throws money down drain, clogs Shahai wastewater systems
 On Friday, November 27, sewage workers in Shahai found something not usually found in sewage treatment plants: Money, stacks and stacks of money, which kept coming. They alerted the police, who just a few days ago found that upwards of NG¥120,000,000 was stolen from the city treasury.
  Security camera footage found finance minister Mei Youqian (没有钱) bagging the money, with the help of 5 others, into a truck, and then promptly left. After police went into the apartment of the minister Mei Youqian, they found him throwing and flushing money down his toilet at a rapid pace. In an interrogation with the police, he said he wanted to try and “get rid of evidence” as his face was everywhere on the news, labeled with “suspected robber” in bold red letters.
  The decision was taken to burn the flushed bills and print new ones, as no one really wanted sewage money back into circulation. The cleaning process took more than a week, and Shahai went into chaos as residents were told not to flush their toilets, risking flooding their bathrooms as money was clogging up significant portions of Shahai’s sewage system.  █

Wenyanga mayor Airplane Guynine nearly drowns in subways in subway
 On Friday, December 4, as the mayor of Wenyanga, Mr. Guynine, was on a diplomatic visit to Shahai, a strange assassination plot was put into motion. As Mr Guynine was heading into Century Plaza Station in eastern Shahai, an estimated 264.55 tonnes of subway sandwiches filled the station from both exits, as the station had been violently taken over by gangsters, assumed to be the same ones that killed Mr. Ntoni last month. Shahai Police were confused over what was happening, as subway sandwiches were slowly filling up the station.
  As the next train arrived into the station, hitting apart countless sandwiches, Mayor Guynine and his bodyguards entered the train, and escaped to the next station, where they were met by police and an ambulance. Thankfully, Mr. Guynine survived with minor injuries from slipping on a tomato and falling. The gangsters were caught trying to flee the station, but as they had thrown away their tickets along with the sandwiches, they couldn’t get out of the station. The Shanghai metro requires you to keep your tickets, and then insert them into the faregate as you leave, so they could not get past the faregate, which bought enough time for police to come and arrest them.
  Their trial is next week, where they are expected to be shipped off to St. Helena should they lose. As usual, images of Mr. Guynine drowning in subways from the publicly released security footage made their way into meme formats, as he is once again heavily memes by the public.  █

Kazeshima citizens still angry over litter from The Amazing Race
  Although The Amazing Race came three months ago in Kazeshima on September 19,  its footprint has still remained in the city. Although the city is now famous from all over the world for its challenging puzzle, the Cat Advertisement Reconstruction in Owomachi, and for being a pit stop in the Amazing Race, Kazeshimanese citizens are heavily dissatisfied with how much litter the participants left behind.
  On the day of the race, Kazeshimanese citizens were appalled to see Central Market Street littered with leftover posters. Central Market Street was the site of the Cat Advertisement Reconstruction puzzle. Some participants failed to clean up after themselves, leaving behind pieces of the advertisement on the floor. Some citizens nickname the street as “躓いて倒れる大通り”, or “Trip & Fall Avenue”, due to many people tripping and falling over the leftover posters that day.
  In Setsuritsumachi, a horse was left behind in the mayor’s garden. This baffled the locals and the mayor, because like one employee from the nearby ForesCompany office said, “Who forget they’s horse!” The local authorities in Kazeshima are still working out how to deal with the situation, but the likely outcome is that the horse will be relocated to the upcoming Kōrihama Zoo. However, the mayor, i____7d, wanted it to be put on someone’s balcony and be renamed to “Juan”. Nevertheless the island-district of Setsuritsumachi’s visitors increased tenfold, because all the visitors came to look at the horse. 
  It gets worse from there. In Etamachi, an island-district a few kilometers from the mainland, Taminami Isle received a spike in the number of visitors on the island. This is because Taminami Isle was the location of Kazeshima’s pit stop. A quaint isle a few metres off Etajima with a Torii gate, a few benches and lampposts, and a sign, locals were surprised that the isle was chosen as a pit stop. Although local were delighted that Tamiami Isle finally gained some attention, they were extremely annoyed when they found litter everywhere on the isle., from plastic bags to champagne bottles.
   However, locals were even more annoyed when they were watching the Amazing Race on television to see someone flooding the island. The suspect was quickly identified as Chiefbozx; however, local authorities did not bother to arrest him as he had been struck by lightning seconds later, a moment of instant karma. The police announced that “the lighting strike was already the punishment”.
  Although most of the litter has been cleaned up, a few pieces of litter can be spotted in the nooks and crannies of Kazeshima. Kazeshima takes cleanliness extremely seriously, and are extremely annoyed when others litter. Citizens have to take their litter home as there are no dustbins to be found anywhere in public.  █

In Other News
  A summary of the other uninteresting events in the world of only Nansei-Gunto the ER.
Which is better: New Singapore or Autunno?
Find out here!
“Weier is a threat to my position” says Guynine 
Following articles of defamation, Guynine made a statement, which is “just an excuse for him to be memed more”. Weier has not responded for comment
Rush E made official Kazeshima anthem
The piano mash was voted in 18-2 favor by the Kazeshima council. A crowd gathered outside to sing their country's glorious new anthem to their heart’s content.
Peacopolis FC manager sacked
What, you sporties thought we were gonna have a sport article in here? Go write one up yourselves, you lazy nuts.
Mother of Waaah arrested in Hendon
“How in tarnation did the lass end up 'ere?” said one officer. “Quite a bozzle, innit?” She was apparently arrested for smuggling MRT$0 aboard a National flight.
SI-A-300 suffers another engine failure
Subway, please fix your plane. Next thing you know, they're gonna fall out of the sky.
Weier and Airplaneguy9 racing to write heaps of articles 
The next Epsilia is gonna be full of wacky stories from the world of Nansei-Gunto, all building off number 8. Why? Because these two keep making up wacky stories.
Shenghua starts seventh 'Neen Library’ protest 
The protest was done in order to allow mayor Aquamarine to visit the Neen (Nean?) library in Crossfern again. Frog G. has declined to comment.
President Vulpicula caught watching Teen Titans Go
Seriously, who on God's great green earth would watch such a show? Why sacrifice your sanity? The questions are rolling for the poor president.
Johngi petitions to rename The Epsilia to the Nansei-Gunto Times
“STOP WRITING NANSEI-GUNTO ARTICLES DAMMIT, IT'S CALLED THE EPSILIA FOR A REASON!” was his side of the story when we interviewed him in Autunno last week. We declined to comment.  █

Why we need a change
 The Epsilonian Republic has had a troubled history - but throughout the whole it’s had a consistent underlying issue: It’s insistence on a complex legal system governed by debated laws and rule of law. This insistence has turned the ER inactive for the simple reason that it’s an ineffective way of managing a group of players who plan to build things. To help illustrate this, we will run through the various eras of Epsilon’s history. 
The Norwestian Republic
The Republic of Epsilon found its roots in the Norwestian Republic, a small parliament located in Norwest. Records of this time are limited and mostly lost to history, and the activities of this parliament were, as far as we know, very limited, however this group is an extremely important part of Epsilon’s current situation.
  This parliament was founded distinctly as a parliamentary roleplay group. Their internal success was measured not by how much they built or expanded, nor how much other cities connected to each other. This parliament wasn’t even founded to expand anything more than a small region in the north west of Epsilon. As such, it was structured with an omnipotent leader, acting as a sort of gamemaster, whose role was to organise meetings and topics for people to discuss. The people were bound to their sides and they had to debate it as best as possible.
  The Norwestian Republic was really not fit for purpose as a multi-city MPO doing anything useful, and for all intents and purposes, that was fine. That was not its goal. The mistake was trying to make that its goal. This started after the gamemaster decided to merge with a union of several cities known as Hispania. 
The Early Epsilonian Republic
  The problem was that this new republic was becoming much more like a regular, multi-city MPO. These problems became increasingly apparent when the gamemaster was asked by popular demand to weaken their position and let the legal system of the republic grow into a full MPO.
  This was certainly the right move - the Epsilonian Republic was being held up by this system left over from a roleplay group and, as I’ve said before, was not fit for purpose in the newfound make up of this group. However, the Republic had not made the effort to transition from the roleplay system - which relied mainly on unspoken rules, some agreements in minecraft books, and a gamemaster to keep it together. So the early Republic stayed in this endless state of arguments until a full constitution was put into place. This constitution, while it stabilised the Republic greatly, only formalised the ideas of the Norwestian Republic.
The Late Epsilonian Republic
  The constitution that was adopted was primarily based on the legislature of most countries. Long laws would be written specifying details of how things were going to be done, and these were voted on in a further process, before finally being approved. There wasn’t much drive to actually manage projects that were voted on because the main focus of everyone was on writing laws. It was, effectively, an evolution of the Norwestian system.
  This wouldn’t have been a problem if writing laws was what people wanted to do, however the Epsilonian Republic was far, far different to what it started out as, demographically. It now consisted of several cities who largely joined expecting construction projects and progress and instead getting what the Epsilonian Republic had been set up for - endless legislation.
  This led to a perceived inactivity in the Epsilonian Republic - people saw that a bunch of debate happened and then no action came out, and then proclaimed that the Epsilonian Republic was inactive and bureaucratic. This completely missed the point of the foundation of the Epsilonian Republic, however at this point almost all of the membership wanted things to happen in game, and as such this perception lead to people actually leaving the Epsilonian Republic, arguments to break out, and the whole organisation to slowly become actually inactive.
Summary & Conclusion
  The Epsilonian Republic originated as a roleplay group. It was designed from the ground up to produce debate, and a law developed around it to better facilitate that debate. However, the Epsilonian Republic today is a completely different community with completely different goals. 
  The law has increasingly become unfit for purpose in this new community - and as long as the Epsilonian Republic sticks to this same foundational system, it will functionally be the same. No amount of amendments or new laws or repeals will stop that.
  If the Epsilonian Republic hopes to become something more akin to what people want out of it, it needs to restructure from the ground up, focusing on practical action and simplicity. █

The Complete Region of Nansei-Gunto Travel Guide, Part 3 - Shenghua
  Shenghua, a city known for its various malls and thin skyscrapers, is certainly a very unique city. Similar to Shahai, most items can be bought with QR codes so having a supported app is recommended.
  First off, you probably arrived on a boat, or flew there on a seaplane. Regardless of what port of entry you arrive in, there definitely will be a store no less than 20 blocks away.
  Getting around the city is pretty convenient, too, with FLR Shenghua offering a light rail service above the roofs of Shenghua. Shenghua, being filled with malls and stores, is perfect for getting anything you need.
  A branch of ForesInn is in Shenghua, and we recommend staying there, as it has all the perks of the one in Kazeshima. There’s also a wonderful park right in the heart of the city, filled with bamboo for tranquility.
Picture: Suncheon.
  The smaller city of Suncheon is also a great place to go from Shenghua, where you can spend the day with a tour guide and explore the vast deserts that Nansei Gunto has to offer.
  Instant Ribbits and Buwubbles are only some of the instantly recognizable franchises in Shenghua, so for meals, unless you want a high class private dining experience, this city of franchises will be suitable for everyone’s tastes. A popular activity is to walk from one end of Shenghua to the other, and go into any shop that catches your eye. Shenghua, said to be a sort of “one road city”, similar to Sansvikk, has most of its shops on the single road that starts at the ferry terminal. Many people also buy their electronics in Shenghua, where it’s cheaper to buy, as owotech is headquartered there.
After buying things to your heart’s content, savouring some food, or looking at the low prices of electronics, the next destination is Wenyanga, which, being one of the founding cities, as well as being on the mainland, makes it quite unique. There are 2 boats and 1 seaplane to Wenyanga from Shenghua, and soon rail, so take your pick, though, as always, we recommend the HBL Moluccella Line ship.
See more in the next issue of the Complete Travel Guide to the Region of Nansei-Gunto This month’s Epsilia release contains a double issue! Find out what’s next on the next page!

The Complete Region of Nansei-Gunto Travel Guide, Part 4 - Wenyanga
 Wenyanga, being one of 2 cities not mainly situated on an island, has a different climate than the rest of Nansei-Gunto, notably being slightly out of the path of typhoons.
  Most transit services congregate at the port of Wenyanga, including seaplanes, ships, and rail. A popular tourist attraction is the brick tower by the port, guiding ships into the port at night, when visibility is low. Sans Inn Wenyanga is highly recommended, with a restaurant and spacious rooms.  Another option, though, is the newly built Kagalo Heights, which is situated right next to old Wenyanga.
  After checking in at your hotel, you can wander around the city to see the architecture of the city, such as the Savage City consulate in Wenyanga. They’re located at the front of a roundabout, white is also a nice photo spot. Should you need consular services, the consulate is your best bet. There are also many stores around, many of them hosted in the Wenyanga Mall. Another option is to visit the beach, and swim in the warm Lake Gunto water.
  On the next day, you could hop on a short boat ride to St Helena, which features the largest imprisonment facility in Nansei Gunto, as well as its unique architecture. Some thrill seekers try to gain an audience with Mr Crimson V Master, a famed criminal, but are usually turned down, so don’t try that. There are also plenty of wild animals, as most of the buildings lay on the north side of the island. There are also trails all over the island, so you can take a nice walk in the forest. From here, you could take the boat to the capital of the region, New Singapore.
See more in the next issue of the Complete Travel Guide to the Region of Nansei-Gunto! █

SICF established between RoE and FS
  The Republic of Epsilon is teaming up with the Federated States to form the Société Internationale des Chemins de FER. This is a railway company founded by both companies that aims to better connect both RoE and FS cities, hence allowing both MPOs to live up to its name - Metropolitan Planning Organisation.
  Its first route is the Northwest Corridor, from Central City to Lanatam. We wish the builders well in constructing this route. █

The MRT’s 2020: A look back
As fast as it started, it was over. As the curtains finally get drawn on this year, I’d like to take a look at several events that happened on the MRT in 2020, the start of the new decade.
Zeta Server
  Perhaps one of the biggest events this year is Zeta server’s opening, which brought new land to be claimed by members. On the originally quiet afternoon on February 29, 2020, when Zeta opened its doors for the first time, there was a mad dash to claim land in this unexplored wasteland. Members of all time zones came on for their piece of the pie, such as i____7d coming on when his home country, Singapore, was in its early hours, with his mother calling him to go to sleep. It definitely was a struggle, with rubberbanding making the process harder, but several new towns were born this day. I myself started Shenghua, and i____7d started Kazeshima nearby.
Pandemic
  Who’d’ve guessed that Zeta opened right when we were experiencing a major pandemic? As most of us were locked at home, we experienced a flock of both new players and returning players who were formerly inactive. Some of them returned to work on their old possessions, while some started new ones.
Community Towns
  Three major community towns were also founded this year. The first and one of the most successful, New Singapore, was founded in May from a simple land dispute between Kazeshima and Wenyanga. Several other players joined the conflict, and someone brought up the idea of starting a community town, and soon New Singapore was born. Many players who were online at the time joined in on this project, and it was quickly built up in a matter of hours, hosting many skyscrapers. The city was so significant that it was unanimously agreed to move Nansei-Gunto’s capital from Shenghua to New Singapore. In the words of Frosty_Creeper10, new sg is shiok lah.
  Another major town was also created this fall when Autunno’s leaders needed a way to hold the claimed area before construction of the city began. On a quiet July afternoon, Johngi started paying people for each wooden hut they built near Autunno’s claim area. Several people started making huts for quick cash. As more and more people joined this building frenzy, Johngi had no choice but to stop paying as he had previously given away over $1000 for the construction of the huts. This in no way deterred people from constructing more buildings, and Name Pending soon had many amenities such as the Bootleg MTR metro network, the LocalRail Autunno commuter rail line, and two cable television services serving the region.
  Another successful community town was Jimbo, founded by SansNotLuigi and MojangChan. It is characterized for its humorously named buildings, such as the FANFICTION librario and the asian zupermarquet. Autunno was also built this year.
Modpocalypse (Modgate)
  One of the MRT’s hardest events this year, Modpocalypse sent ripples through the community as several moderators were demoted, and more resigned, some even leaving the server in protest. It escalated when three  established members, Frosty_Creeper10, camel fantasy, and woorich999 were banned over privacy infringements. Worrski was also banned for an incident in the #politics Discord channel. Overall, October was a very turbulent time this year.
Conclusion
  With several ups and downs this year, 2020 was a very interesting year for the server. With this great year behind us, let’s wish for an even better 2021. █

Weier appointed minister of fireworks for Westbeach
  On Thursday, January 14, after a second large scale test of the Westbeach fireworks system, the pyrotechnician, Weier, was appointed as the minister of fireworks for Westbeach. The fireworks system, which started to be installed on the 12th, is set to launch fireworks at major events and public holidays in Westbeach, such as Chinese New Year. Concerns over fireworks being too close to buildings have been responded to by a shrug emoji by Weier on social media platforms. █

Foresne left defenseless against coronavirus
  Foresne, who has survived a previous coronavirus outbreak, experienced one yet again, but this time without their valuable antidote, milk. It started in the early hours of September 12, 2020, when a Foresne resident tested positive for the disease. They were reported to have caught the virus in the care of a clinic south of Deadbush, where they were forbidden to talk about Shahai-Chan, and from playing the PC game I Love You, Colonel Sanders! A Finger Lickin' Good Dating Simulator.
  Forenese authorities were caught in a pickle, as they wanted to initiate a lockdown to prevent the spread of the virus, but it was the day of The Amazing Race 11. A psychic was hired to solve this dilemma, who successfully predicted that the Race would, in fact, come to Foresne. The city government decided to close their borders to non-racers and kept it a secret, as they wanted publicity on MBS, MBN, and public broadcaster Frumple TV, who would be broadcasting the event.
  That afternoon, during the Race, Mordecai and Rigby (who were deported a week later by Foresnese border authorities) snuck into the city with one of the teams. They then booked a room at the ForesInn in the city. A week later, during the Race’s second session, they were distraught from finding out about Coookie46910’s coup plot from seeing the commercial on TV. They decided to e to feel better. Unfortunately, e-ing requires a substantial amount of milk, thus when they e-ed, the entirety of Foresne’s milk supply was depleted. The city later noticed a sudden spike in cases, mostly traced back to someone named Karen. The city was about to send daily milks to the city’s residents, until health authorities noticed something wrong. All the milk was gone, which meant that the virus could not be cured.
  The city immediately went on a lockdown, with all in-person activities halted, and only essential businesses remaining open. This went on until November 23, with cases soaring higher and higher, when word reached the government that a magical lion was being kept by Why Are You Asking For My Name and Waaah, who were staying with the interim governor of Nansei-Gunto to pursue their studies (This is disputed, several local Wenyangans believe that they are keeping a giraffe instead).
  Foresnese health authorities quickly set up an appointment with the governor and the children, as they had no other choice, and soon after, several Foresnese men and women, looking like astronauts in their protective suits, arrived at the residence of the governor. The lion was able to provide them with a mysterious object called creative inventory, which Foresnese health authorities used to create an unlimited supply of milk. These milks were distributed to all residents in Foresne, who quickly recovered from the illness.
  Meanwhile, some sheep disappeared in Ottia. █

Stumped by math question, Foresnese students in tears after exams
  Foresnese students walked out of the Shenmeadow Primary School in tears after completing, or attempting to complete, their primary school exit exams. A question from said exam, left students stumped and parents angry as it started trending in social media. The question in question read:
x = y
Solve for x.
  Foresnese parent Yu Liu Jie stated on social media, “I get these questions are meant to be challenging, but this has gone too far! This question has infinitely many possibilities, how are 11 and 12 year olds supposed to solve that?” The Odd Squad was called in from their headquarters in Hamblin, however they could not solve the equation. As they were busy attempting to solve it, they couldn’t solve the other odd cases and soon Hamblin was destroyed by villains, stranding Seabeast’s passengers all across the MRT. A world-renowned mathematician, Eyndi Eyes, based in Kazeshima, even chimed in with his own opinion. “The key to finding x is to first find the value of y. In order for one to find the value of y, they need to find the value of x. In order for one to find the value of x, they need to find the value of y. For one to find the value of y,...” This interview repeated and the Epsilia interviewer stormed out of the room in frustration. She You, an expert in alternative medicine based in Shahai, took a different approach. “For one to find the value of x, they must utilize the full capacity of their brain. To do that, they need to unleash the power of the Unbreakable Crystal by merging it into your body.” She You proceeded to insert the crystal into his heart and soon fell unconscious. No attempt was made to seek medical help.  █

Is FlyLumeva Evading Taxes?
  FlyLumeva, the flag carrier of the Region of Lumeva, has recently seen expansion through its seaplane subsidiary, Turbula, as more seaside cities rank up, particularly those in Nansei-Gunto. With this increased growth came increased brand recognition for not only Turbula, but for FlyLumeva as a whole.
  However, with this increased brand recognition came questions from the general public. Netizens in Shenghua pointed out that the top level domain (TLD) for Turbula’s website was .co.lu, where .lu is the TLD for Luxembourg, known for being a tax haven.
  Upon realizing this, netizens floated the idea that FlyLumeva is actually secretly based in a tax haven in order to avoid paying taxes. “This takes evasion to the next level,” said the original person who posted about the topic, who did not want to be identified by name in fear of corporate retaliation. “I’ve already heard of transport companies evading taxes using methods such as the warp sign color hack, but I didn’t think one would go as far as to establish itself in a tax haven.”
  Others have raised different theories about FlyLumeva’s background. Titsensakian scholar Neanesuna Bibliotecamal suggested that Lumeva is actually an alternate reality version of Luxembourg, or even vice versa. This raises more questions, however. Is Lumeva a tax haven? If so, what other tax havens are there on the MRT? It is a well known fact that MRT taxes, such as those for creating and using warps, are virtually unavoidable (the mentioned warp sign exploit no longer works as of the 1.16 update), which means, in theory, no tax havens exist on the MRT. Connecting this to the previous theory brought up by Bibliotecamal, this means that Lumeva shouldn’t exist, thus, Luxembourg shouldn’t exist, either.
  However, Luxembourg is a member of the United Nations, and Lumeva is an officially recognized region in the Republic of Epsilon. This means that Luxembourg and Lumeva are fake entities that are illusions created by multinational bodies. This brings up another question: who can and can’t we trust? 

Shenghuanian engineers reveal unknown project
 On November 25, 2020, just as people around Nansei-Gunto were preparing for the holiday season, a group of engineers in Shenghua revealed that they had been working on an unknown project in conjunction with the regional government, to be constructed on an undisclosed date.
  The engineers have released only an unknown diagram (pictured) and a social media statement only containing the code “5 21 45 625”. Many scholars have attempted to decipher it, with them posting their theories on social media.
  We attempted to interview Shahai resident Yige Mingzi, however, as he sat down, he was promptly ushered away by Nanseinese cyberpolice. The Epsilia made no visible attempt to retrieve him. On an unrelated note, all social media accounts of Yige Mingzi have been terminated due to unknown reasons. █

Exploring Shenghuanian literature
  In addition to its cuisine and many dramas and telenovelas (owing to the city’s significant Spanish-speaking population) produced, Shenghua is also known for its rich literature. Some of the most famous books by Shenghuanian writers include Not So Shiok Lah, by mi_aquamarine, and Neen > Nean, written by Jamie @ LTA and COVID-19 Info Bot. We will be focusing on the former in this article.
  Not So Shiok Lah, a bestseller in stores all across the MRT, provides a deep glimpse into the dark and brutal regime in Totem Beach. It is loved and cherished by children and adults alike, with its rich language and heart, thus making its way onto many school curriculums, not just in Nansei-Gunto, but all across the MRT.
  However, Not So Shiok Lah, and Shenghuanian literature in general, is not without controversy. It has been banned in Totem Beach, who went as far as to send extremists to the Beachview City Library, one of the first libraries to carry it, on launch day. Neen > Nean, mentioned at the beginning of the article, has also been banned across UNET’s territories and in New Caledonia. However, we can see this in a bright way, that Shenghua’s authors are not afraid to speak out about issues, something we should do in everyday life to make change happen. █

Westbeach Residents Infuriated After Titsensakian TV Station Airs Teen Titans Go!
 The city of Titsensaki, capital of Northern Peninsula, and Westbeach, the Norwestian colony just off its shore, are known for their differences, however, the residents of both places have one thing in common - they like watching the same TV. Westbeach has a limited variety when it comes to local TV stations, with the only options available being NewMedia Westbeach and TV Westbeach. Thus, many residents turn to TV stations across the border in Titsensaki for their news and entertainment. Westbeach and Northern Peninsula both use the same broadcast television standards, making stations from both sides easy to pick up via an antenna, and cable packages in the region typically include both Peninsular and Norwestian channels. 
  However, starting on Monday, January 11, the Titsensakian TV station Channel 6, not to be confused with the one in Nansei-Gunto, formerly one of the most popular stations among Westbeach residents, began airing the Cartoon Network series Teen Titans Go!. Many Westbeach residents voiced their disappointment on social media, who opposed this programming decision as the show mentions the Nean Library, a terrorist group based in Crossfern.
  “Channel 6 has gotten so bad that I might as well watch NICE for a change,” said 好笑的名字, an exchange student from Shahai. Teen Titans Go! is banned in parts of Nansei-Gunto, thus most Nanseian television stations choose not to show it as their signals cover banned areas. Many residents of Westbeach called for a boycott of Titsensakian TV stations as a result of this. The boycotted stations reported a significant downturn in viewership from Westbeach, as its residents started watching local media, such as TV Westbeach, or stations from the Ottia Islands, again, easily received via antenna (incidentally, Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf became one of the most viewed television shows in Westbeach during the time of the boycott).
  Several Titsensakian stations, such as Channel 6, tried to regain its former viewers by starting contracts with TV Westbeach and NewMedia, however both stations refused to air Teen Titans Go!. Channel 6 also refused to give in to the demands of Westbeach residents, citing its pro-Nean agenda. The boycott also resulted in growth for locally-based media. As more people were watching TV Westbeach, the station had enough financial resources to launch additional channels for different genres, along with the resources to acquire popular programming from channels across the MRT. For example, TV Westbeach acquired the anime series Shahai Xiaojiang from Shahai Télévision, and it is now one of the territory’s most viewed programs, with daily broadcasts on TV Westbeach, Gem, an educational, cultural, and timeshared Chinese-language channel, and TVW Kids, a children’s channel. Popular drama series from Shenghua Television and Shahai Central Television also air on the Chinese section of Gem.
  However, both TV Westbeach and NewMedia are skeptical that this will not last forever, though. Under the Treaty of Westbeach, the territory is set to be handed over to Northern Peninsula on October 27, 2022, when it will become a district of Titsensaki. TV Westbeach is worried that come 2022, it will lose its editorial independence from Northern Peninsula and will be forced to air programs on a pro-Nean viewpoint, including Teen Titans Go!. An option brought up by executives at the station is to move its operations to the Ottia Islands when the handover occurs, as Ottian TV signals cover both Westbeach and most of Northern Peninsula, and the local government grants greater press freedom and has an anti-Nean slant. Sand is also an option due to its press freedom, however this means Westbeach viewers will no longer be able to receive it terrestrially. The channel would potentially remain available on local cable systems, but that wouldn’t stop Peninsular authorities from pulling the station. █

Particle accelerator approved to be built under Savage City
 On Saturday, January 16, Prince Weier announced that a particle accelerator was approved and going to be built under Savage City. It would span the entire city, at a depth of 60 metres below ground. Prince Weier says it’s to bring uniqueness and prestige to the city, as well as to boost the scientific productivity of the city, but many citizens believe he just thinks it sounds cool. Construction has started under the city hall, and will also house underground labs and facilities. We will see how it’s going in the next issue of The Epsilia. █

Mayor of Autunno Weier orders 100 scale models of the mountain, proceeds to smash every one of them with a sledgehammer
  On Monday, January 11, Autunno mayor Weier ordered 100 scale models of the mountain from a custom model shop online, then proceeded to live-stream himself smashing every single model with a large sledgehammer.
  “What do you mean get rid of the mountain myself then? Do I look like I have the energy to do that?” Was his response to people telling him to get rid of the mountain himself. This comes amid even more anger at the inactivity in Autunno, which comes back to the fact that the mountain has still not been removed. █

C24@Savage City under investigation of selling illegal products
  On Saturday, January 16, Savage City police raided a newly opened branch of the C24 convenience store franchise on the grounds of investigating the selling of illegal products, such as Weier’s Big Smokes. The Shenghua Police Department has also sent 2 investigators to Savage City to investigate this issue, as Weier’s Big Smokes are a “major concern to public safety in Shenghua” said Shenghua Police Chief Jia Shenfen (假身份) C24 has not responded to our requests for comment. █

New train station opened in Savage City, serves no purpose
  On Saturday, December 26, the Savage City government announced yet another train station with empty platforms, this time on an unprecedented scale. The ten 300 block long platforms remain empty the entire day, as Savage City’s train station construction spree continues. Savage City maintains one of the highest platform-to-train ratios on the MRT, which some say is a useless statistic. Many have called upon the government to stop wasting time and resources on new train stations, and actually develop the town. Savage City suffers from a stagnating construction industry, which caused the government to announce plans of building an entire new district in 2 weeks, to revitalize the economy. █

New district in Savage City reportedly doesn’t exist
  On Saturday, January 9th, Prince Weier of Savage City proclaimed that the new district that was being built, filled with various supermarkets, restaurants, supermarkets, embassies, supermarkets, book stores, as well as supermarkets, was finally finished and opened to the public.
  However, confusion soon arose among citizens of Savage City as where there was supposed to be a lavish shopping street, there was only taiga. However, residents of the new district say that the rest of Savage City disappeared, and was replaced with a vast, flat desert.
  Experts have theorized that the new district may have been put into the “lab world” a theorized dimension that has puzzled scientists since it’s proposal. Government officials have responded with “it’ll be fixed later, probably” when asked about the new district. The newly bought trams for the new district haven’t been able to serve their purpose, as they would fall into the desert before reaching the next stop. Citizens stuck in the new district have come to the trams to take advantage of its free air conditioning. As there’s a supermarket every 20 metres, the citizens believe they won’t starve for a while.  █

New year’s fireworks in Shahai seen by no one, hits particle render distance limit
 On Friday, January 1, as the new year came, the spectacular fireworks display in Shahai was seen by no one, as it was further than 64 meters from the crowd, for safety reasons. The only proof that it ever happened was the drone that was filming the display, which was blown up by the second round of fireworks for being too close.
  Dissatisfied couples that took their dates to see the fireworks only to see a drone exploding took to social media to express their annoyance. Next year, the company contracted to make the fireworks display will reuse this year’s display, but now 63 meters away from the coast, allowing the fireworks to render in to be visible to the audience. “F” was the single letter we received in reply to our email to mayor Weier of Shahai. We look forward to seeing the fireworks display next year.
New year’s fireworks in Shahai to be reused for Chinese New Year
  On Tuesday, January 12, after the embarrassment on New Years, the Shahai government has announced that the fireworks will be displayed on Chinese New Year’s instead. Shahai Pyrotechnics, the contractor, is also to provide Chinese New Year’s fireworks to Westbeach as well, with a test launch later that day. This comes after the lifting of the ban of all fireworks on Shahai territory, allowing the display to happen. █

Sovereign 0 mission to launch by January 15
  On Friday, January 15, the Nansei Gunto Space Agency will attempt to launch the  Athena rocket, the first of many launches, dubbed “Sovereign 1” from the southern coast of Shahai. It’s payload is a communications satellite, manufactured with 2 TeleNansei WiFi routers, a few dozen bowls of instant noodles, the pot used to make hot pot on Chinese New Year, and a Samsung smart fridge.
  “We blew all our budget on the launch center, this is the best we can do, but hey, at least it works, hehe, I think” were the words of the program’s official spokesperson when asked for a comment. The rocket itself is mostly a decommissioned nuclear missile bought for 2 bottles of beer from the commander of the military, with its warhead removed, and replaced with a second stage and fairing.
  After sending the satellite into space, they plan to retrieve the first stage so that they can save money, as, in the words of project director Mr Mao Tianzhong (茂田中), “In terms of money, we have no money” The space agency opted not to make the booster land itself, instead buying 461 military parachutes from the commander of the military for another 3 drinks. The parachutes were taped onto the booster with electrical tape.
  “我们真的希望这个火箭不会爆炸，因为，要是他爆炸，我们就没饭吃了” said an engineer when he was asked if it would explode. Unfortunately, the Autunno translator was chucked out the window by frustrated Epsilia workers when it stopped working for the 98th day in a row since it was installed (September 27). We are in the process of finding one that works on the internet.
Epsilia photography drone shot down for violating Shahai airspace
  On Friday, January 15, a drone owned by the epsilia, which was going to film the launching of the Sovereign 1 mission, was shot down over the Shahai Jushan Space Center. The official explanation given was that it had entered the no-fly zone surrounding the space center, put in place when rockets are launched, to avoid any aircraft colliding with rockets. Audiences filming the rocket launch from afar had also caught the drone being shot down, with some spotting the drone operator on a boat crying for his lost drone.
  In an interview, he said “这个无人飞机可是六十万块钱的！可恶！你们怎么能这样啊！” The new Autunno translator was not working, however, the exchange worker from Shahai could provide a rough translation of “This drone was 600 thousand yen! Evil! How could you!” My condolences.
  Unfortunately, because of this incident, we could not take a video of the first rocket launch from Nansei Gunto. Hopefully, the drone operator would have learnt his lesson, and will read the drone guidelines and regulations before flying it. █

Shahai-Chan made official mascot of Shahai
  On Sunday, January 17, the Shahai government announced that it was adopting Shahai-chan, the unofficial mascot of Shahai, as well as the flag representing Shahai in the Nansei Gunto discord server, as the official mascot. This means that all Shahai-chan merchandise profits will go to funding city projects, such as the ever expanding metro, and even more tall buildings that serve no purpose but to look good. █

Extremist plot busted in Kazeshima
  The Bark Memorial is one of Shenghua’s most iconic and recognizable symbols, yet also one of the most controversial. It was built as a joint project between the Shenghua and Totem Beach government, as a memorial to Frank Reynolds and Mac McDonald.
  The topic has been highly controversial, especially to the Totem Beach government, who is known for sending extremists to the memorial. Around the times the extremists struck the memorial and stole the placards in the memorial, locals in Kazeshima have noticed a suspicious man in a fursuit carrying a large, flat, bulky item, mainly in Setsuritsumachi around the Epsilia headquarters, along with some suspicious fires in the nearby Tokotoshokan.
  Local police have been made aware of these peculiar observations, and launched a joint investigation with the Shenghua Police Department on September 14, 2020, the evening before the murder’s one month anniversary. At around 7:02pm local time, police officers in Shenghua drew many travellers to the Bark Memorial, coming from many places such as Oparia, and fortunately Totem Beach. An extremist came to the memorial and stole the placards, and officers in Shenghua contacted their counterparts in Kazeshima. Plainclothes officers were posted near the Aomi FLR station and the Windboat dock in Setsuritsumachi, the two main points of entry to mainland Kazeshima. The extremist later arrived at Aomi station at approximately 7:32, and was followed by police upon leaving the station. Groups of plainclothes officers were stationed strategically around the island, in all possible routes the extremist could take. The groups would switch spots when following the extremist at each station of officers, in a similar fashion to a relay race, in order to avoid suspicion by the extremist.
  At around 8:07pm, the extremist checked in to the ForesInn in Setsuritsumachi. The officers took note of this, and quickly informed colleagues in Kazeshima and Shenghua. Within several minutes, the ForesInn building was surrounded by police at 8:12pm, who proceeded to conduct a totally constitutional and definitely warranted search of every room. They later found the extremist’s room, who did not notice the search of the building, likely because he was watching Disney Junior with the Spanish audio track enabled. There was no one wearing a fursuit, however officers noticed a suspicious flat item under the bed. The police then wasted $0.25 of taxpayers’ money from a payphone in the hotel and contacted TeleNansei to shut down the region’s cable network. After some fishy payments were made, TeleNansei complied at 8:47pm.
  The extremist, annoyed that his favorite Spanish-language show mysteriously went off the air, snapped back into reality, but he suddenly realized he was surrounded by police. (On an unrelated note, a child in Shahai suddenly started screaming at this time, his speech mostly unintelligible except for the words “我要看熊出没！熊出没！熊出没！熊出没！熊出没！”, along with some unknown words in French. A video of the child instantly went viral on Nanseian social media.)
  The extremist, revealed to be Crimson V. Master, was immediately taken to prison in an undisclosed location. As he was hauled away by police, he yelled “???!!!???!!!!???!?!?!??!?!?!??!?!?!?!!?!!?!!?!?!!!? I don’t know what to say to this”.
  We asked several people in Nansei-Gunto for their opinions. A raccoon who has recently been deported from Lumeva simply said “e”. A boy in Shahai said “什么时候可以看熊出没？”. Meanwhile in Shenghua, several Totem Beach refugees took to the streets in celebration, knowing that justice had finally been served to the state that had treated them like utter scum. Social media feeds in the region quickly changed into Spanish. (We cannot translate them as the translation machines in Pasadena and Autnno are not working, even though half of our office in Kazeshima is from Shenghua and can speak Spanish, but who cares) █

Mysterious TV channel goes on-air in Nansei-Gunto
 Spanish-speaking viewers of free-to-air television in Nansei-Gunto recently had to rescan their television sets on January 8 due to a channel space reassignment for La 3, the dominant Spanish-language media source in the region.
  However, upon rescanning, several netizens noticed a mysterious channel which appeared shortly after. A new station, calling at NSOS on free-to-air channel 0, was discovered by several, and upon tuning in to it they received nothing but dead air. Many started speculating what the station was, and what its purpose was. Some speculated it was a way for Totem Beach extremists to jam television and radio signals with state propaganda.
  A similar incident happened several months before, around the time of the construction of the Bark Memorial, when on demand services SBCPlay and Shahai Maintenant were hacked by extremists and displayed “facts” about the murder of Mac McDonald and Frank Reynolds, before being restored several hours later.
  The Nansei-Gunto Emergency Management Agency (EMA) quickly took note of this discussion, and made a statement across social media platforms, stating, “The station in question (NSOS) is nothing but a relay station for the Nansei-Gunto Emergency Broadcast System. All rumors about NSOS are completely false.”
  However, the beliefs of Shahainese scholar 光 头强 say otherwise. “Nansei-Gunto has had a history of suspicious technologies,” 光头强 said in an interview, referencing the discovery of a nuclear missile in New Singapore. “After several detailed investigations, I can only come to the conclusion that this station is meant to communicate to extraterrestrial life to make them bow down to Nansei-Gunto. Think of it- first Nansei-Gunto, then the universe.”
  We at The Epsilia have done an analysis on the station and have come to the conclusion that it, in fact, has nothing to do with the NEBS, and it is a tool for Kazeshima to broadcast e. █

MeChat Pay support arrives at first store in Shenghua
  On Saturday, January 16, WeierMart in Shenghua started to support MeChat Pay. The Shahai-based payment service has been renowned for its convenience, and has been in fierce competition since its creation with owopay, a rival payment service, particularly popular in Shenghua. This marks the first step MeChat pay makes to enter the unfamiliar market of Shenghua, which is already being dominated by owopay. Only time will tell whether one will triumph over the other in the high stakes game of capitalism. █

WordGirl Kidnapped, Murdered By Totem Beach Government
  On August 31, 2020, it is well known that the Beachview Public Library was the site of one of the most violent crimes in MRT history, when Totem Beach extremist Crimson V. Master attacked and robbed the library. People thought the library was helpless, but in reality it wasn’t.
  The superhero WordGirl and her sidekick Captain Huggy Face were called to the library, but they immediately disappeared. CCTV footage from the library showed Crimson V. Master sweeping the two into a suspicious sack. An Epsilia writer who was visiting Totem Beach witnessed a public burning parade for the book Not So Shiok Lah, which was stolen from the library. The parade had a sack identical to the one used in the kidnapping, and the writer said he saw it being thrown into a fire. We can only assume that WordGirl and Huggy Face were in the sack, and that they were burnt in the fire. Our deepest regrets go to the Botsford family, who WordGirl lived her secret identity as. █

Charlie Brown Single-Handedly Prevents Murder
  On the night of December 13, 2020, the classic Christmas special A Charlie Brown Christmas aired on public television stations across the United States. Due to this special presentation, PBS and its member stations had to delay the broadcast of the television drama Murder in Paradise to Thursday, December 17 to accommodate the Peanuts gang.
  However, while Charlie Brown and Linus were finding the perfect tree, what they didn’t know was that they prevented a murder from happening for four days. According to promotions for the postponed Murder in Paradise episode seen before and after the special, a musician was killed. Thus, as the episode was delayed, the murdering of the musician was also delayed. We at The Epsilia congratulate Charlie Brown for giving a musician who doesn’t actually exist a few more last days to live. █

In Other News
  A summary of the other uninteresting events in the world of the MRT.
Stray firework hits building in fireworks test in Westbeach
“How could this happen to me~?” Injured man sings as he is taken to the hospital
Prince Weier of Savage City found unconscious in a police car in Skogheim
“How have we gotten to this point?” Questions local policeman
As Chinese New Year’s approaches, Shahai lifts ban on fireworks, immediately reinstates ban.
“Y’all can’t behave,” said Shahai mayor Weier in a social media post after 2 buildings burned down due to irresponsible fireworks handling.
Tram in Savage City races against cyclist, loses.
“Stop using these old trams and upgrade them already!” Says pissed commuter. In response, prince Weier of Savage City sent a handwritten letter with the words “then you try to pay for it” on it.
Autunno mayor Weier vows to turn roofs of Autunno into parkour map.
This plan to revitalise development in Autunno has received overwhelming support on social media
Republic of Epsilon to put limit on percentage of articles regarding Nansei Gunto in The Epsilia. 
“Seriously, this is getting ridiculous. Every article is about Nansei Gunto, as if it’s the only region here” says Johngi, after imposing the limit of 99.8% Nansei Gunto articles per Epsilia issue. This is the first time any legislation has been applied to The Epsilia.
Nansei Pearl TV Tower catches a weather balloon, making for funny pictures on social media.
The weather station has been fined NG¥42.00, and has promised to never make the mistake again.
A man has fallen into the river in Lego City Shahai!
He knows how to swim. He’s fine. Why do you need a helicopter at all?

Shenghua Broadcasting Corporation Becomes Shiok Lah
The Shenghua Broadcasting Corporation, Shenghua's public broadcaster announced it will start airing Arthur, Fetch with Ruff Ruffman, WordGirl, Cyberchase, Martha Speaks, and Curious George, therefore it is now shiok lah (not that it wasn't before or anything)
Shahai Secretly Renamed
The Shahai city government leaked in a construction photo that the city will be renamed to Shahahai.
Fried Water Becomes New Trend In ,, Shenghua
, locals said it was ho chiak.
Mao City Residents Continue To Live In Harmony
Mao City's residents have not been misplaced by the construction of the new Name Pending, and continue to live their daily lives as normal, with many commuting from Weiertown to Weiertown via LocalRail. █

3 ways to get around Nansei-Gunto
 Nansei-Gunto is one of the MRT’s most interconnected regions, with some transport modes that are unique to its island setting like ferry transport. In this article, we’ll go over 3 ways you can get around this unique region.
Road
  If you visit Nansei-Gunto, you’ll most likely never need to use a car. Even some of the wealthiest residents in the region find it as an unnecessary luxury. However, for those who do choose to drive, the region has developed, safe, and well maintained road networks within cities, and the A63 expressway is under construction, which will link Akiko Bay, Wenyanga, Shenghua, Kazeshima, and Shahai. New Singapore, Kazeshima, Wenyanga, Akiko Bay, and Kazeshima drive on the left, while Shenghua and Shahai drive on the right. If you decide to drive in Shenghua, do note that driving is prohibited from 6am to 2pm on Sundays, and on the first full weekend of the month.

Rail
   New Singapore, Shenghua, and Kazeshima all have local rail transport, with Shahai’s metro on the way. Most rail services are operated by FLR Corporation, with the exception of the North South Line in New Singapore. Regional rail transport is currently being built under NewRail/FLR’s Nansei-Gunto division, with Wenyanga, St. Helena, and New Singapore connected with each other on the Namboku Line. The Namboku Line will soon be expanded to Kazeshima, Shenghua, and Rizalburg, with commuter service already operating in the former.
Ferries
   An iconic and popular form of intercity transportation, there is no shortage of ferries sailing all around Lake Gunto. The two main intercity operators are Windferry, characterized by their open-air boats, and Hummingbird Boat Lines. There is a ferry terminal in almost every city in Nansei-Gunto, and most travellers use the one in Kazeshima when entering the region, either by international ferry or seaplane. Kazeshima and its outlying islands are also served by Windboat, an extensive network of open-air boats with a hub at the Kazeshima Ferry Terminal. One of their most used routes by travellers and commuters alike is the route that goes from the Kazeshima Ferry Terminal to Setsuritsumachi on the Kazeshima mainland, nearby businesses and hotels. █

Top 3 Best Libraries
  It’s no mystery that the MRT has an abundance of libraries, but not all of them are the best. In this article, we’ll go over our picks for the MRT’s best libraries.
3. Monte Isola Public Library
  The Monte Isola Public Library made the list, and it’s clear why. Nestled in a cute building with a great view of the canal down below, anyone could spend hours in a good book here. If you’re looking to visit this library, keep your eyes peeled, though. It’s designed similarly to the city’s other buildings which makes it hard to find at times.
2. Tokotoshokan
  Kazeshima’s Tokotoshokan (roughly translated, East Lake Library), a tongue twister for those not familiar with the Japanese language, is known for being one of Nansei-Gunto’s largest libraries. It is characterized by its large curved roof, letting in lots of natural light, and the FLR station located right at the top of the library. It has shelves upon shelves of great reads, with a children’s section and public computers as well. Readers here shouldn’t mind a bit of noise, as said FLR station is one of the busiest in Nansei-Gunto, and lots of business passengers pass through the library to access the station.
1. Neen Library
  It would be unheard of for this library not to make this list. It’s a cosy building nestled on a quiet street in Froplacoge, just a short NewRail ride from Cypress. Its wide windows and skylight let in all sorts of natural light, and it has a perfect selection of books in English and Chinese, with Spanish coming soon, making it a perfect choice for language learners. █

The Complete Region of Nansei-Gunto Travel Guide, Part 5 - New Singapore
  New Singapore, the city of skyscrapers height wars and nuclear missiles, is the capital of the region, with a tropical climate and marvellous architecture. Architects from all over the server have come to design buildings, with the HDB tower standing out from the skyline.
  You’ll arrive at the port of New Singapore to be greeted with a bus stop, ads, and many street stands. As New Singapore was funded with foreign money and build expertise, there’s a square with ads of foreign governments and companies that made the construction of New Singapore possible. New Singapore is known for its delicious street food, most famously bak chor mee.
  Hotels aren’t scarce, and if you’re feeling fancy, you can book a room at the most expensive hotel in Nansei Gunto, the New Singapore Marina Bay Sands hotel.
  The MRT can take you to the other island, where you can visit the Merlion statue and supertrees. There’s also the regional court of Nansei Gunto, and the Francesca shrine, a Nansei Gunto heritage site. Many travel from all across the world to send offerings down the eternally deep pit of the Francesca shrine. 
  New Singapore has the highest average building height in all of Nansei Gunto, given that the area of the island is very small. There are many shops in New Singapore, and a day can be spent checking them all. If you decide to go to the beach, you may encounter a New Singapore turtle. They are a species exclusive to New Singapore, and are the most popular animal in New Singapore, according to a recent poll, so don’t kill them lest you want to be stoned in public by angry citizens. 
  New Singapore is also connected by rail to the FLR system, which you can ride to other places, or take the boat back to Kazeshima, to bring this journey full circle.
  Thank you for reading the first edition of The Complete Region of Nansei-Gunto travel guide, as we’ve gone through most of Nansei-Gunto, this will be the last issue of this travel guide.
For now █

Aviation Roundup
SI-A Goes into Bankruptcy
  Yesterday, the executives of SI-A announced that the Subway Group (Subway Industries and FlySubway) was filing for bankruptcy. This comes after the New Singapore High Court ordered SI-A to pay a whopping MRT$20mil each to FlyLumeva, FliHigh (parent company of FlyCreeper at current), ViaTransit, and RacCorp due to engine troubles involving nearly 35% of all aircraft flying.
  This led to mass groundings of many SI-A-100s and SI-A-300s worldwide, which are sitting gathering dust and losses for their owners. FlyLumeva had to slash their new Kanto-Whitechapel route not a week after it was launched, because they could not use the SI-A-300s on the route.
  This has led to problems with a few EAM X-100 aircraft powered by Subway-built engines, leading to a few EAM aircraft grounded too, most notably National's EAMs. This isn't even the first time EAM has been hit by Subway engine troubles - the last time it happened was in late 2017 when Waypoint's EAM X-500 fleet was grounded after one suffered an engine failure.
  That wasn't even the last time Waypoint got the worst of it - in July 2020, a Waypoint SI-A-300 was written off after a catastrophic engine failure caused the entire aircraft to blow up with an appalling thunderclap, as caught on video. Thankfully, everyone had been evacuated by then, and there were only 2 minor injuries.
  FlySubway has cancelled all flights, and their entire fleet is sitting outside their hangar at Thunderbird Int'l. It seems that even a $16m sale of their secret SI-A-400 program to Aero Aviation didn't help matters.
  We will have to wait and see if anything happens with Subway - will they flounder, or survive?
Airline startup of the Week - Air Peninsula
  Air Peninsula is the flag carrier airline of The Republic of Northern Peninsula. It aims to start service in June/July of 2021 between domestic destinations in Northern Peninsula and international destinations near the country.
  The Republic of Northern Peninsula is a republic near the UNET area, with Titsensaki as its temporary capital. It consists of towns such as Heaven City and Xiiona. While the Capital has not been built yet, work is commencing on it as of current.
  Not much is known about Air Peninsula, but we can guess that the airline will be hubbed out of TSA's Domestic Terminal with KaloroAir and FlyCreeper. We can also assume it will use homebuilt Climax Y-10 aircraft like its larger cousin National. █

The Republic is now a Commonwealth
  An omnibus written by AnonymousPravda and Vulpicula has passed 13-0 in the House of Representatives. The omnibus restructured the Republic of Epsilon to be more like a monarchy, hence the name “Commonwealth of Epsilon”.
  Multiple changes can be observed; the wiki page and constitution are now obsolete, the House of Representatives is officially dissolved, ministers and officials of the former Republic retired, the Discord got uncluttered. This omnibus aims to make sure that the Commonwealth can actually get somewhere as an MPO, as no work has been done to it for a very long time.
  We look forward to what more the omnibus will bring for the Commonwealth. █

Great progress for SICF
  The Société Internationale des Chemins de FER (SICF) has completed the track of its first line, Morning Star, from Spruce Valley to Lanatam. This marks a momentous occasion in the company, where the COMMONWEALTH works together with the Federated States to get something out of both of them. We congratulate the SICF on their progress and look forward to more. █

Mayor of Shahai Weier disappears, experts speculate upcoming math contest as possible factor
 Since Thursday, February 11, the mayor of Shahai, Weier, had disappeared, and made no appearances other than to buy lottery tickets using Minechat. Sources close to Weier, who requested to remain anonymous, say that due to an upcoming mathematics contest, Weier may have withdrawn himself from other duties, such as writing Epsilia articles, to focus on studying to get a good score. █

Tourists go to Shahai to see Burj Khalifa, but can’t actually get there
  On the afternoon of January 21, 2021, the Shahai tourism agency made a huge announcement: the Burj Khalifa was constructed in the city! Tourists from all over the MRT flocked to Shahai to see the Burj Khalifa. However, there was just one slight catch. You couldn’t actually get there. When the tourists arrived, they were disappointed to see a large sand trench between the tower and the road.  Upon realizing this, many angry tourists called this a scam and demanded refunds from the transport companies they used to travel to Shahai.
  Señorita Nani, a teacher in the Jardín de infancia Nanwan in Shenghua, decided to organize a trip to the Burj Khalifa in order to teach about architecture. Like others, Srta. Nani and her students were very disappointed upon finding out they couldn’t get to the building. Srta. Nani gave us an interview, which was able to be translated from a journalist’s computer in Kazeshima, as the translators in Pasadena and Name Pending were still unusable. 
  “Please Connect to the Internet,” the translated statement said.* 
  Other tourists tried to make their way over the trench to the tower. Some people were seen violently ripping plywood out of neighboring buildings and attempting to build a makeshift bridge. However, the bridge builders quickly ran out of the way as someone attempted to drive a stolen bus over the pit. Police were immediately called to the scene, however could not arrest the driver as he was across the pit. The Epsilia made no attempt to retrieve him. █

Shenghua Public Library caught in scandal over “inappropriate” comic book
	The Shenghua Public Library, which operates the Shenghua Central Library and the East Lake Library, recently got complaints from many families after it carried a comic book titled The Naughty Thief over concerns of inappropriate dialogue. In the comic, a thief ends up in hospital after saying the F-word multiple times. Parents were upset to find out that their children were learning bad words from what they thought was a kid-friendly institution.
  The Shenghua Public Library responded to this criticism by stating that not all books are intended for children, and that different books are meant to be enjoyed by different people. However, all copies of the book mysteriously disappeared from circulation on February 10, and returned later to shelves on the 12th, with all mentions of the F-word blacked out. The official reason behind this is unknown, but it’s suspected that this was done in an attempt to prevent taxpayer funding from being cut. The Shenghua Public Library declined The Epsilia’s request for comment.  █ 

Nanseian residents complain about lack of variety in local TV
 The Region of Nansei-Gunto is known for its high concentration of free-to-air television channels, with 40 at the time of writing. However, many residents of the region have recently been complaining over the lack of variety available, in particular when it comes to language representation. 
  19 Chinese television channels are available as of the time of writing, but residents of the French and Spanish speaking communities have spoken out on social media about the lack of diversity. Channel 6, the flagship channel of the Nansei-Gunto Broadcasting Association, along with nine others, broadcast in English, however Spanish and French only have 3 and one channel, respectively. 
  The Chinese speaking community has also criticized the lack of program variety across the Chinese language channels. The Shahai Media and Entertainment Group, which is made up of the city’s four main television networks, is a member of the Nansei-Gunto Broadcasting Association. It shares programming with the NBA’s other members, including the Shenghua Broadcasting Corporation, which is the NBA’s other Chinese content member. Viewers of the SMEG’s four Chinese networks and Shenghua Television complained that the networks’ Chinese channels air all the same programs. Some programs are even scheduled at the same time across multiple channels, such as the anime series Shahai Xiaojiang, which airs daily at 5pm on STV kids and SCTV 11. In addition, Channel 6’s flagship evening news program, 6 Edition is broadcast simultaneously across the NBA members’ English channels. 
  This is similar to an Epsilon-wide outcry about The Epsilia’s heavy reliance on articles related to Nansei-Gunto. Johngi has been known for advocacy for legislation to limit Nansei-Gunto-related articles in The Epsilia, or to refocus it altogether on the region. █

Nanseian parents and children upset after beloved TV show is taken off air
  On January 22, 2021, the Shenghua Broadcasting Corporation was abruptly ordered to pull all broadcasts of the television program My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic from all its television channels, along with removing episodes from on-demand service SBCPlay. The program, formerly one of SBC’s most popular among all four languages, was cut in a series of bans for several television shows.
  Some of the bans were welcomed among Nanseians, including those for Teen Titans Go! and Doc McStuffins. The ban for Lab Rats was also popular among Wenyangans. However, several bans were opposed by many TV viewers, such as those for Clarence, and, as said before, My Little Pony. We interviewed Shahainese resident 好笑的名字, who had recently returned from her exchange program in Westbeach, however the translator in Pasadena was not working, and the translator in Name Pending had to restart for a Windows update just as we tried to translate it.* A Kazeshiman local also gave us their response.** It was later found that these bans were made by lawmakers in Wenyanga, thus many My Little Pony fans called for a boycott on Wenyangan TV station b!TV.
	This is not the first time b!TV got involved in controversy. Around the time when the Cartoon Network series Craig of the Creek premiered, it began to air a bootleg of the show titled Clare of the Creek on its channels B!kids and B!kinders, which led to the station being fined under Nanseian copyright law.
	Many tech-savvy Nanseians have resorted to watching episodes in other ways. Apart from downloading episodes from fishy sites, many have resorted to using VPNs or proxy networks to watch episodes from international versions of streaming services or on television networks in other countries. █

Nanseian TV knocked off air for hours after terrorist attack
 At 6:29am on Monday, January 25, children across Nansei-Gunto gathered around television sets for the premiere of Season 5 of My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic, which had been starting to be broadcast by the Shenghua Broadcasting Corporation in protest of the show’s ban in the region. Its Mandarin premiere was set to air at 6:30am as part of STV one’s “Cartoon Theater” block, with English and Spanish premieres later in the day on STV plus and La 3, respectively. However, just as it was about to start, TV screens went dark all across Nansei-Gunto, and not just for STV one. All of the region’s 40 free to air television channels’ signals cut out exactly at 6:30 that morning. Everyone across the region asked on social media, “what happened?” A police investigation revealed that the region’s troubles that day started an hour before.
	At around 5:30am, a prison break occurred at the St. Helena Prison, Nansei-Gunto’s largest correctional facility, known for holding the famed criminal Crimson V. Master. Mr. Xu Yaohe and Mr. Wo Henke, previously convicted of shoplifting in New Singapore, were freed by East New Brazilian state extremist Jennie Kim. They then secretly boarded a WindFerry boat using disguises and rode it to New Singapore. Upon arriving in the city, Xu and Wo were given explosives by Kim. They were instructed to plant bombs around the supermarket where they previously attempted to shoplift, and then to detonate them and steal sodas and other beverages. The plan was successful, as a huge explosion occurred in New Singapore, and the city’s soda supply mysteriously disappeared. Xu, Wo, and Kim then travelled to the Nansei Pearl Tower in Shahai, where most of the region’s television signals are transmitted. They snuck into the tower’s control room, where they poured the stolen soda into the machinery, causing a short circuit, and shutting off the entire tower. Many television viewers were in shock when their TVs suddenly lost the signal.
	As Shahainese police were checking surveillance footage around the tower, an officer who was also a BLACKPINK fan noticed something fishy. He saw Jennie Kim and two other men enter and leave the tower. They got in a taxi afterwards, with the license plate clearly visible to the camera. Using traffic camera records, it was revealed that the criminals went to an apartment in the Princess Tower, near the Burj Khalifa. Officers quickly surrounded the building as a totally constitutional and warranted search was done until they found Kim, Xu, and Wo. They have been sentenced to n years in the St. Helena Prison. █

In Other News
Disabled people stranded on hill In Miu Wan
Several wheelchair users are stranded after taking the Lumiose Road Elevator upwards, as the elevator leads to a platform with stairs.
Nansei-Gunto Department of Foreign Affairs Releases Travel Advisory
The Nanseian government advises against travelling to the Midnight North Railway Station in Willow as passengers have been known to enter the station and then get stuck in it forever due to poor station design. 
Instagram polls useless, poll says
Students at the Reynolds Elementary School in Shenghua have determined that Instagram polls are, in fact, useless, using a series of Instagram polls which in total got zero votes.
Inez escapes her house
Inez escaped her house in Dagenham on February 1. She wandered onto the street where Ruff Ruffman, the Kratt Brothers, and WordGirl also live. She went back inside a few minutes later.
Ruff Ruffman predicted to get a free HDB
One of frogggggg’s campaign promises for Deputy Mayor of New Singapore is to give Ruff Ruffman a free vacation HDB. As of the writing of this article, he is currently in the lead. █

/
[] j █

mi_aquamarine writes Epsilia article
  mi_aquamarine is currently writing an article for the Epsilonian newspaper The Epsilia. █

3 languages you’ll see and hear in Nansei-Gunto
  Nansei-Gunto is known for its linguistic diversity, with many languages such as Chinese and Japanese, but there’s also several other languages you might not think are spoken there. Here’s 3 of those languages. 
Spanish
  Shenghua is known throughout the region for its Spanish speaking population, mainly immigrants from Bahia. The city now has facilities such as Spanish education and bookstores. In addition, La 3, the region’s largest Spanish media source run by public broadcaster SBC, is based in the city.
French
  Shahai is known for being a blend of several cultures, mainly those from China and France, owing to the city’s former colonial rule. This can be seen in the city’s linguistics, where Chinese and French are written on signs, and local broadcasters in the French language. Its under construction public library is estimated to have the region’s largest collection of French language books.
Zulu
  Zulu, along with Afrikaans, isiXhosa, and English, are official languages in Wenyanga. Because of this, Zulu enjoys use in the education system and in city government. In fact, Wenyanga’s name is the Zulu word for “lunar”, and the phrase on the city’s flag means “We stand for our freedom” in Zulu. █

Doctora Juguetes Clinic Attempts To Exploit Ottian Animals
  Several visitors to the Shrine of the Glorious Communist Heroes! in the Ottia Islands on January 12 realized something was wrong. Two sheep, named 喜羊羊 and 美羊羊, were nowhere to be seen. The entire MRT Server went on a search for the sheep, headed by Xing Li Fang. Xing looked over various CCTV footage, and found that the sheep were being stolen by two people who looked very familiar. Xing later came to the conclusion that they were stolen by Mordecai and Rigby. After doing some research, Xing found that the two were deported from Lumeva to Nansei-Gunto after sneaking into Foresne and eing there. Xing then visited local police throughout Nansei-Gunto and recovered hours and hours of CCTV footage to analyze. Xing noticed several scenes where Mordecai and Rigby were vandalizing several things such as the Francesca shrines in Shenghua and New Singapore and the Bark Memorial in Shenghua. As Mordecai and Rigby are anthropomorphic animals,  Xing determined that they were being used to commit terrorist crimes by Totem Beach. He was able to verify this by asking local residents if they had gone to Totem Beach, and by checking Nanseian immigration records. 
	Upon entering Totem Beach, Xing Li Fang was suddenly attacked in his hotel room, most likely by secret police attempting to hinder his investigation. Xing immediately went to the unfortunately named Doctora Juguetes Clinic to repair his injuries, as it is the only medical facility in the city. Upon entering the clinic, he noticed some strange sounds in the hospital manager’s office. There, he heard some sounds that sounded remotely like sheep. He peeked through the door, and Mordecai and Rigby, revealed to be puppets of the Totem Beach government, were taking commands from a Zoom call with Crimson V. Master, from his jail cell in the St. Helena Prison in Nansei-Gunto. It is unknown how Master was able to gain access to Zoom, however insiders at the Nansei-Gunto Corrections Department claim it was caused by bribery. On the Zoom call, Mordecai and Rigby were instructed to extract the milk from the sheep in order to create “COVID medicine”, however Xing believes it is a placebo drug intended to fund state terrorism. Xing quickly raided the room and called in his informants, which were posing as patients in the clinic. The sheep were safely gathered into a van outside the clinic, and Mordecai and Rigby were restrained by Xing. 
	喜羊羊 and 美羊羊 have been safely returned to the Ottia Islands. Mordecai and Rigby are now taking classes at the Rehabilitation Center for Totem Beach Refugees in Shenghua. Crimson V. Master has been transferred to a maximum security solitary confinement cell which is being monitored by guards 24/7. █

Frogggggg poisoned by F.S. National Party
  Titsensakian mayor frogggggg had to be rushed into the East Lake Clinic in Shenghua on February 3, after a major poisoning incident. It started that morning when he was visiting someone in Shenghua. Upon entering Nansei-Gunto, on a layover in Kazeshima, frogggggg bought what was claimed to be “official Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman juice” from a vendor which is suspected to have ties with the National Party of the Federated States. When Frog entered Shenghua and visited mi_aquamarine, the city’s mayor, he drank the juice. It turned out to be a poisonous “uncraftable potion” and soon Frog started making strange dog noises. He was immediately taken to the East Lake Clinic, the city’s only medical facility for treatment. mi_aquamarine, the doctor on call at the time, fed several medicines to Frog, who was quickly descending into insanity. After feeding Frog water, he was able to return to his original frog state.
	In response to this incident, the F.S. National Party has been condemned by many international leaders, however the Party denies involvement in the poisoning. This is one of many acts of terrorism caused by the Party, the most well known crime being the murder of Frank Reynolds and Mac McDonald in Keriyowna. Because of this incident, the Uncraftable Potion is now classified as an illegal drug by the Shenghuanian government and is not allowed within the city. █

New Evidence Uncovered in the Fight For Justice for Mac And Frank
  It was a dark August night, as the booming town of Keriyowna was all in bed. All, that is, except managers of the popular bar “Paddy’s Pub” Mac MacDonald, and Franklin Reynolds, who were closing up shop after a busy night of work. At approximately 02:15, as they were finishing their duties, a tall man came into the store, brandishing a knife, and stabbed the two to death.
	The initial suspect for such a murder was agent of the nation of Totem Beach Crimson V. Master, who was in the area after providing much needed humanitarian aid to impoverished families in the region, on behalf of the Totem Beach government, which authorises similar projects across the world out of the kindness of their own hearts. Master, being a furry himself, was shocked to hear of this latest event out of a string of crimes against the furry minority. “I hope the perpetrators are brought to justice” he commented.
	Approximately 12 days after the event, Master was tried for murder of the two poor men. He was found guilty by the Keriyowna court system, which has long been known for its undemocratic procedures. Sentenced to life, he fled the scene, and went into hiding. A doppelganger of his, Rrimson E. Castor, was subsequently arrested and sent to the St Helena Prison where he sits today.
	However, on the 9th of February, long after the event took place, shocking evidence was uncovered by the MRT Freedom Association, a group which serves to advocate for human rights. A photo of a state agent of the Republic of Epsilon walking into Paddy’s Pub, brandishing a knife, was recovered through a cyberstrike on the Keriyowna CCTV database. 
	People were shocked to hear such news and were appalled to hear of this latest coverup by the Keriyowna government, run by Vulpicula, who is also the President of the ROE. Dr. Mark D. Awuu, a researcher at Totem Beach Simon University, who covers the ROE Deep State and their tactics, said he was expecting this information all along. “It is by their very nature that the ROE deep state wants to keep their citizens' thoughts in control,” he said when asked for comment. “They know that if freedom seeps into their tight walls, their government will eventually implode.” 
	The photo in question also raises concerns about the ROE’s genetic engineering programme, as an additional photo uncovered in an Autunno lab shows agents being injected with a growth serum to make them grow up to 4 metres tall. Awuu said, “When the ROE performs genetic experiments on its own citizens, you know the regime has gone too far”.
	All this evidence begs the question, will the ROE be held accountable for their crimes against humanity? Well, that’s for the future to tell us. F.S. National Party and Presidential Candidate Crimsonf0x seems to think so. “When people learn of the violence and atrocities committed by this Deep State, they will inevitably revolt, and the republic will fall.” █

Who is the National Party?
  The F.S. National Party, formerly known as the People’s Republic Party, has recently made headlines in The Epsilia and has been in a fierce propaganda war with the opposing Liberal Democratic Party.
  The People’s Republic Party was founded by Crimson V. Master on June 15, 2020, as a center-left party in the Federated States. Its first members were Totem Beach, Gryffin (both Master’s own cities), the Ottia Islands (which has since left for the LDP), and Sand (which later came under Totem Beach’s authfuritarian rule in January 2021). Crimson V. Master later received lots of media attention in August of that year, after murdering Mac and Frank in Keriyowna. He has since been found guilty and is now serving life in the St. Helena Prison.
  After the murder, the National Party has been steadily powering its propaganda machine. The Federated States added a channel to its Discord server for the sharing of official announcements from political parties. National quickly took advantage of this, and started spreading propaganda about its radical authfuritarian policies. The National Party is also known for opposing the ROE, which is evident in its propaganda. The party frequently refers to the Liberal Democratic Party, the FS’ ruling party, and the ROE as a “deep state” in its propaganda. In an attempt to deflect the blame of the murder of Mac and Frank, National also started spreading poorly edited images claiming that an Epsilonian agent was behind the killing. The party is also known for putting upsetting content in its propaganda, such as messages with the A-word, and a file which crashed Discord clients (It has since been deleted by FS Discord admins).
  Although it is a well-known fact that National and the LDP are arch-enemies, they have collaborated on a cause before. On February 4, 2021, Prismarine mayor Pretzel33 proposed a controversial motion to archive the propaganda channel in the FS Discord. Voting began the next day. The two parties both saw this as a violation of free speech, and aggressively campaigned against it. The vote failed and eventually the two went back to their ongoing propaganda war. 
  Given their turbulent history, it can be safely said that the National Party is a major player against the Epsilonian agenda. Time will tell what actions National will take against the ROE. The party has started to run and campaign for the February 2021 presidential elections in the FS. █

Epsilonians scramble to Nansei-Gunto
 Epsilonians are scrambling to move into the region of Nansei-Gunto after threats by the FS National Party to force the ROE to finance the construction of a wall in an undisclosed location. Because of this, concerned Epsilonians have started migrating to the region of Nansei-Gunto, whose residents enjoy dual citizenship between Epsilon and the FS. This is because two of its major cities, Shenghua and Shahai, are members of both MPOs after the FS’ constitution was changed to allow it. Because of this, Epsilonians are flocking to the cities in the hope of being protected by the National Party’s proposed wall. Several though, have chosen to remain in their current locations until the FS elections conclude. For instance, 小猪佩奇 of Name Pending has chosen to stay. When interviewing her, her response was “I will stay here because the muddy puddles here are the best!” Her brother 乔治 responded “Dine-saur. Grrrrrrr!”
  The Epsilia also interviewed frogggggg, the co-CEO of National Airlines, which is unaffiliated with the party of the same name.
E: What do you have to say about the National Party’s threats to force the ROE to build a wall in an unspecified location?
F: I think it’s going to stop frogs from trying to get to another pond.
E: Is that a bad thing?
F: Yes, and it’s also false advertising. National Airlines in no way sponsors the National Party.
  At the Shenghua Ferry Terminal, there was also a crowd of migrants who’d just arrived from Lapis Bay, which is part of the ROE but not the FS. The Epsilia spoke to several of them and they mostly thought that it was best to leave while it’s still possible.
  The FS is now in the early stages of the presidential election process, with crimsonf0x as the National Party’s candidate. Those who have chosen to stay in Name Pending and other Epsilonian cities are in a state of limbo until the election results are announced. █



