Pre-1800s
The earliest roots of Shenghuanian civilization can be traced back to the year 230 A.D., with the two settlements of Shengnan (盛南), in the present-day location of the Shenghua Ferry Terminal, and Huabei (华北), present-day Central District. In addition to the Chinese-speaking populace, Shengnan was mainly made up of Japanese-speaking Kazeshimans, while Huabei was mainly made up of Wenyangans, who mainly spoke Afrikaans, with some speaking Zulu. The two settlements started trading goods and resources, and to make it easier to cross the desert between them, the Shenghua Path (盛华大马路) (present-day North South Boulevard) was built between Shengnan and Huabei. The famous Peace Gate (和平门) was constructed at the border, and has stood ever since. The settlements grew together, both by trade between the two cities, and from trade with neighboring kingdoms, such as Kazeshima and Wenyanga. Eventually, the two settlements merged into Shenghua (盛华), a name which is retained to this day.

1800s
In the year 1835, a mysterious area of the world known as Zeta was discovered. People from the cities of Kevtropolis and Osaka rushed to colonize this mysterious land for business opportunities. The island, with its sandy beaches and warm climate, became a popular living area for workers in Kazeshima. Thus, a ferry was set up between the two cities for easy transportation between them. Several years later, in 1843, several Bahians arrived on the shore, sent by their government to understand their culture and start trade. The locals and the Bahians were friendly with each other. Many Bahians liked the tropical atmosphere, and decided to permanently migrate to the city. Thus, Spanish became a commonly spoken language in Shenghua. In 1893, Shenghua, along with neighboring cities such as Wenyanga, Shahai, New Singapore, and St. Helena were invaded by Kazeshima and placed under a brutal dictatorship. This was one of the darkest times in Shenghua's history, where many citizens were forced to give up their culture. Japanese replaced Chinese and Spanish in the education system. Chinese and Spanish text were erased from public signs, replaced by Japanese text. Many names were changed, with many babies born and renamed to Japanese names, and all streets rewritten in Japanese, notably the Shenghua Path renamed to Kazemori-ōdōri (風盛大通り). After liberation, it was renamed to its present day name, North South Boulevard (北南大道) to erase painful memories of the occupation.

1900s
The city-state of Itokani noticed these atrocities, and eventually liberated the empire in 1945, after a bloody war that lasted for five years. Shenghua thrived independently as the Autonomous Republic of Shenghua for ten years, and joined the Republic of Epsilon during that time. In 1955, the cities that were formerly part of the Kazeshiman Empire decided to form the Region of Nansei-Gunto. English was established as a common official language throughout the region to facilitate easy trade and cultural exchange. Like the rest of Nansei-Gunto, post war Shenghua was battered and destroyed by frequent airstrikes by Kazeshiman and Itokanian forces in the years before. Famines and disease were rampant, with as much as eight families crammed in one apartment. Food was hard to find, as Shenghua was located on a barren desert, with most barely surviving on cacti and dead bushes. The education system was next to non-existent, with only one public school in the city which suffered from lack of resources, and the elite sending their children to prestigious schools, such as the Flarian Academy in Gemstride. Shenghua remained in this sorry state for nearly six decades, until reforms in the turn of the century restored its glory.

2000s
In 2001, the Republic of Kevtropolis government, whose peoples settled in Shenghua long ago, poured billions of dollars into the city to improve it. Around this time, a mysterious individual named mi_aquamarine came to power, and the city experienced many reforms. Several departments were quickly set up, such as the Housing and Development Board, and soon after many families had their own home. Many schools were built, along with a mandatory education system, boosted literacy rates from 47% in 1949 to 100% in 2005. Shenghua experienced a massive boom in development in the 21st century, with several malls and skyscrapers opening. The Youli Park was also constructed in the center of the city as a place for citizens to unwind and relax. In 2012, the city started planning a metro system to serve the city in cooperation with FLR Corporation. The first line, Line S1, opened with limited service between City Hall and Shenghua South in 2020. Meanwhile in 2020, the People's Republic of Totem Beach fell under the rule of a mysterious individual named Crimson Fox, who immediately set up an authfuritarian regime in the city. The cities of Haversham, Keriyowna, and Shenghua became popular destinations for refugees. Thus, the city government constructed a rehabilitation center specifically for Totem Beach refugees, many of them brainwashed by Totem Beach's authfuritarian regime. In addition, the city government established special policies for refugees, such as free housing and free public transportation. Thus, it is widely known as one of the most refugee-friendly cities on the MRT. In 2021, Shenghua joined the Federated States of the New World and became a major production hub for propaganda educational material produced by the Liberal Democratic Party.

Creation of Northern Peninsula
In 1776, people who opposed The Froge Kingdom, which in 1775 took over Titsensaki, ran away from the city to the western coast of the peninsula, where they created a new town called Heaven City. The town expanded along the coast and founded The Republic of Northern Peninsula. The Froge Kingdom opposed this new creation and tensions between them raised. New towns such as Subton-on-Sea and Xiiona joined the Froge Kingdom and Beachville (which would later become a suburb of Titsensaki) joined the republic along with Heaven City.

Tensions with The Froge Kingdom and Titsensaki
As elections have already started in Northern Peninsula, The Froge Kingdom knew they needed a way to fight back from what they called the 'rebellious group of the owner of the land'. King Froge IV started to plot against the republic, but plans have failed as nations around Northern Peninsula backed them off and made the Froge Kingdom army retreat back the capital Crossfern further inland.

In 1845, Frogian Refugees spring to Heaven City and Northern Peninsula due to the rise of King Froge VII, who was overwriting the current constitution of the kingdom to his own needs, which enraged the lower class. The lower class made up 85% of the kingdom's annual revenue, and due to economical reasons, The Froge Kingdom fell in 1850 and was split in two with Crossfern joining The Republic of Hallarbor and Titsensaki becoming an independent city-state.

King Froge VII stayed in power of the wealthier northern section of Titsensaki, and the south was mostly ruled by local parties. The Imperialists from nearby islands noticed the weakness of the south of Titsensaki and realised it could help them with gain recourses and power over the area. They invade and easily take over the south, splitting the city-state in two sections, soon officially breaking to become two countries in 1902 -The Independent Kingdom of Northern Titsensaki and The Imperialist People's City-State of Southern Titsensaki-.

In 1903, both nations join the United Cities to try to ease tensions, but all attempts of that have failed. In 1915 both Titsensakis reunite, however travel is still restricted between the north and south and security checks are needed for government officials. The line between the two sectors are still noticeable today and left for preservation. You can find this on Meridien Road against the OAB Building in Titsensaki City.

The UNET has been created in 1935 to try to gain relations with nearby cities with support for Titsensaki, but ended up creating a union for the nations in the area for laws, customs union, and constitutions. Titsensaki has also been put under administration status in the UNET and then became an administrative region of the UNET, being under the rule of no nation, just the UNET.

After the great war in 1940, tensions have been at an all time high for Titsensaki and Heaven City and in 1950, The Wall of Titsensaki is built to stop anyone from going between the cities.

Northern Peninsula in the Great War
The newly made social communist government of Northern Peninsula joined The 2nd Great MRT War, mainly to give the illusion of power to the people and surrounding countries. Nearby cities and nations didn't like what they were seeing and neither did the citizens of Northern Peninsula. 10 years later, the government of Titsensaki built The Wall of Titsensaki to block trade to Northern Peninsula.

During the early 40s, Northern Peninsula experienced heavy blows to the economy and army, after losing almost half of their men. Also, the GDP per capita went down by 30% (adjusted for inflation).

Sanctions were put on Northern Peninsula by The People's Republic of Montego and The Republic of Epsilon which only made their economy worse. This has been the worst period for Northern Peninsula since the civil war in 1931.

Tensions calm down and Titsensaki talks to join the RoNP
In 1975, the split in Titsensaki has been resolved and become one city with no border checks in between. This day, January 22nd, has became a national holiday for the city known as United Day.

Heaven City took notice of this and a summit was held in the nearby neutral city of Aviation where the two leaders met in 1976. Later that year, the king was overthrown and a new city based government was put in place with fair elections and democratic-progressive constitutions. In the first election, Dawn Dugans won office and was elected mayor of the city running under the victorious Social-Democratic Party of Titsensaki. This year an airport was made in Titsensaki (TSN) to allow better connection to the world. Due to this, Heaven City relations with Titsensaki improved.

In 1990, talks started to unite Titsensaki and Heaven City together, with bringing Titsensaki in The Republic of Northern Peninsula.

As a result of the trade starting between the city, the travel ban between the areas has been lifted in 1999 and The Wall of Titsensaki has been taken down. Beachville as a result has been ceded to Titsensaki. Even in 2000, Heaven City joined the UNET and then mayor of Titsensaki, Halloween Frog even voted 'for'.

Northern Peninsula holds whole peninsula
In the year 2020, The Titsensakian Administrative Region of the UNET officially joined The Republic of Northern Peninsula and became the temporary capital as the under construction capital was still in mostly planning stages. As a result of this, RoNP owned the whole peninsula except a small exclave in the middle, and city-state nations along the south western coasts of Ashton and Westbeach.

This change has been initiated by city mayor Frog Ggggg and deputy mayor Sans Luigi after a referendum of 96% in and 4% stay. The current president Marco Antonelli agreed with this plan during the 2019 talks and officially signed off for the annexation of Titsensaki under the will of the annexee.

Indigenous inhabitation
Bahia was first inhabited around 15,000 to 20,000 years ago during the a wetter period, when Indigenous peoples from the north traversed large stretches of rainforest to reach the Bahian region. They initially led a hunter-gatherer existence, but later developed horticultural and aquacultural practices along with weaponry and sophisticated social hierarchies. Numerous clans formed that competed against each other for land, water sources and crops, often leading to brutal fighting and, in some instances, genocide of entire clans. Storytelling was developed through carvings, rock paintings and oral traditions.

Gamman settlement
In 1779, explorers from the Gamma region of the world set their eyes upon Bahia for the first time. The first explorers reported a fertile land, abundant with natural resources and safe harbours. The region was heavily inhabited by indigenous people, and the first settlers decided to build a fort on Singlwurst Island, which was protected on all sides by the Bay of Thanos. This first fort soon grew into a small city, and a hub of the southwestern region. Singlwurst became an important port for spices and natural resources from the surrounding region, and it was declared the capital of the Colony of Bahia in 1803.

Growth and Expansion
In 1853, a party of Mojangers founded the city of Mojangsburg on the eastern shore of the bay, and soon the city of Mojangsburg grew to surpass Singlwurst as the region's largest city. Mojanger culture began to dominate the region, and Mojangsburg became the capital of the nation of Gauteng. Gauteng became the dominant force in the region as its strategic location on the mainland and ready access to the Gauteng Plain made transport of agricultural goods easy and plentiful. In 1880, overcrowding on the island of Singlwurst led to a migration of English speaking people to the western coast of the Bay of Thanos, founding the city of Sunshine Coast. Sunshine Coast's location on a sheltered bay led to it becoming a far larger port then Mojangsburg, and soon the city was the largest hub of the region.

In 1894, after over a decade and a half of economic stagnation, Gauteng agreed to enter into the Republic of Bahia, becoming the nation's third province. In order to stay neutral, a new capital city was plotted to the east of Mojangsburg. The inland city, which was named Pretoria, grew to become a large hub in its own right, with its wide streets and impressive buildings. Later that decade, the nation expanded its borders to encompass the entire shore of Lake Thanos, and annexed multiple territories to the north and in the Coral Sea.

Early 20th century
During the early 20th century, the nation continued to industrialize, and with the discovery of oil north of Torres River in 1929, an oil boom took place that led to rapid development on the north coast of the Bay of Thanos. By this point, Sunshine Coast had grown to be the largest city in the entire world outside of Gamma, and was a major trading hub and port for ships travelling through the Coral Sea. Much of Bahia's economy had came to be based on its large banking systems, and the Sunshine Coast Stock Exchange became the largest in the world by 1933. Not all was great during the industrial revolution however, as working conditions in the nation's factories were absolutely abysmal. In 1939, workers in factories across the country revolted, and the central government called in the military to quell the factory rebellion, which led to the deaths of over 2,000 workers. This event, referred to as the Massacres of 1939, led to mass rioting during an already economically unstable time, and soon the nation's stock markets crashed into a large depression. The depression dramatically worsened conditions, and in 1946, the Worker's Party of Bahia took control of the government and declared the nation a socialist state.

People's Republic of Bahia
During the middle of the century, Bahia reinvented itself as a powerful player in world politics, becoming the premier purveyor of socialist ideologies across the world. During the height of the nation's reign, it had overthrown the governments of multiple states around the world, and established puppet governments, the most notable of which was Deadbush, one of the world's largest cities and the homeland of the Mojangers who had also established Mojangsburg in Bahia proper.

By the early 1980s, a process of liberalisation led to the nation releasing its grip on many of its colonial possessions, and privatization of many corporations. The turn to capitalism slowly rolled on until 1991, when the Worker's Party was dissolved, and the nation was renamed to the Republic of Bahia. The massive infrastructure developed during the socialist period was put to use to create new advanced technologies, and soon the nation became one of the world's largest hubs for technology and manufacturing.

Contemporary History
At the turn of the millenia, Bahia had become a world superpower, with a strong economy and far-reaching military. Bahia today is a cosmopolitan and diverse nation characterised by its very high quality of life and stable government. Its Gross Domestic Product (PPP) per capita ranks highly at US$39,201 (2020), with its economy driven primarily by agriculture services, and natural resources. Its egalitarian ethos is underpinned by free healthcare and education for all citizens and permanent residents, whilst same-sex marriage was legalised in 2014. 26% of its population is foreign-born, highlighting its firm political and social commitment to multiculturalism, even though "turnback" refugee policies in the form of Operation Deterrance continue to attract criticism.

Indigenous inhabitation
Sedalia was first settled around 20,000 years ago. The land was very protected due to the vast rainforests in the region at the time. Many native groups inhabited the land at the time, such as the Machakwi and Kuyemak people, two hunter-gatherer groups. The two people groups had somewhat of a rivalry against each other, which led to many conflicts at the time. The groups often fought each other for dominance over the other group. The groups both did partake in many activities, such as competing while hunting.

Ancient Galea and Tsiyi
In 1365 BC, as civilization became more advanced, many of the natives began farming instead of hunting, as well as building permanent housing. A man by the name of Luian Helan helped lead the other people, and eventually established the Kingdom of Galea, whos territory is now part of all of Cuyamaca and most of Sedalia. Many villages were established, such as the ancient village of Tsiyi, the most developed and populated village there. Tsiyi was a major center of commerce and trade with other villages. Eventually, Tsiyi became the capital of Galea. This period lasted for 3000 years until nomadic tribes raided the kingdom.

Velarian rule
Around 1053 AD, Galea was raided by nomadic tribesmen called Velarians who overthrew Helan and took control of the kingdom. They renamed the kingdom to the Velarian Empire, and the capital was moved to Honova, which is now modern day Belham. The new ruler was a man by the name of Chayton Waya, who ruled over the remaining Galeans with an iron fist. Emperor Waya was very respectful to his nomadic tribesmen, but mistreated the native Galeans horribly. He mainly enforced strict rules for the Galeans only, and had many of them put into slavery. Galeans who did not comply were either tortured or killed. The Galeans didn't take this very well, and began to revolt.

The Tsiyi Uprising and the Alayan Revolution
In 1543 AD, many people in the new Velarian Empire weren't so happy with their new government, so they began to revolt. Many people in Tsiyi sabotaged the ports and threw cargo into the ocean. People in Honova burnt down government buildings and raided the Honovan Palace. Many others elsewhere supported this movement. One man was named David Alayan. He was a general who led the Velarian 3rd Regiment, the most powerful army in the kingdom. Many of his men supported the need for a revolution. One day, the regiment marched to the capitol and demanded that Emperor Waya abdicates. When he refused. the people rioted harder. This marked the start of intense fighting in the region. On December 28th 1563, the Velarian Army opened fire on rioters in Honova. The Honovan Massacre sparked even more intense fighting. In retaliation, with even more shots fired, on January 12th 1564, David Alayan marched toward the capital with his regiment from Tsiyi. He managed to pick up more soldiers on the way there. While on the way there, a Velarian Army regiment fired upon the regiment at Talon Creek, beginning the first major battle of the revolution. After many hours of fighting, Alayan came out victorious, and marched on. After his army grew in size, and many battles were won, he reached Honova. There, he engaged against the 32nd regiment, a very powerful regiment that guarded the city. Whilst the two armies were fighting, Emperor Waya managed to flee the city and went back to sovreign Velarian territory. After Alayan won the battle, the army marched into the palace. The palace was guarded by a group called the Guard of the Key. Seeing that they most likely wouldn't stand a chance against Alayan's army, the Guard of the Key immediately surrendered. Alayan's army marched into the palace, and in front of many people, declared the brand new Republic of Alayan.

The Republic of Alayan
In 1571, David Alayan declared the creation of the Republic of Alayan. He guaranteed the fair treatment of the people, and the start of a democracy. His supporters cheered for him, knowing that he would lead the country to greatness. Many new reforms were made to the government, such as the abolition of slavery and many anti-Galean laws. Even though many people supported many of his reforms that were made to the country, many of the people still felt left out. Many of the people found out that the reforms had still not affected the Sedalis, an ethnic group who was mainly found in northern Alayan. They believed that the reforms were only made to the other Alayans. Even worse, many of the laws that David was supporting were mainly anti-Sedali. Many people started civil rights movements. however they were quickly shut down. Due to this, David founded the Alayan Civil Protection Agency, who were mainly meant to crack down on civil rights groups. One day, a group of civil rights activists who were peacefully protesting were shot down by the ACPA. Almost all of the Sedalis were furious with David. Then, on May 16th 1915, Alayan military general Alexander Robertson declared independence for the Republic of Sedalia.

The Sedalian Revolution
After seeing the declaration sent by Robertson, the Alayans immediately began sending troops into Sedalian land. The Sedalians fought hard against the Alayans. The first major battle was at Limestone Gorge, in which the Alayans won. The sedalians first successfully won a battle at the Battle of Cardiff River. The two sides both continued clashing at each other for the remainder of the war. The most major battle of the war then happened at the Battle of Fort Allison, which resulted in a key Sedalian victory. The Alayans continued to march toward the Sedalian capital of Solana Beach, then continued to get pushed back. This continued until February 10th 1925, where at Taiga Hills Town Hall, the Alayans surrendered. The two countries signed a treaty, which ceded five of the northern provinces to the new Republic of Sedalia.

The First Sedalian Republic
The newly independent Republic of Sedalia led by president Alexander Robertson was a huge success. Many people began enjoying the many benefits of the new country. Many were finally happy that everyone was treated fairly. The capital was moved to the brand new city of Alana. The country's economy began to grow and it's population began to increase. Furthermore, trade and commerce was increasing. However, President Robertson wanted more influence, and wanted to show that Delacia wasn't weak. To increase influence, Sedalia joined in the Altean Civil War in 1945. Many were supportive of this, however as the war turned seemingly unwinnable, many were against the war. The president continued having Sedalia fight in the war. As public opinion drastically shifted away from staying the war, many were calling for the resignation of president Robertson.

Annexation of Velaria and the Second Sedalian Republic
Eventually, President Robertson resigned due to outside pressure from anti-war groups. After that, vice president Mason Newman took office. Newman was loved by the people. He pledged to remove Sedalia from the Altean Civil War, to repair the broken bonds between Sedalia and Velaria, and to increase relations with Alayan, which was now the Democratic Republic of Cuyamaca. On July 6th 1946, Sedalian troops in Altea were sent back home. Then, on August 12th 1974, a Cuyamacan embassy was placed in Alana. Meanwhile in 1983, the Velarian government under president Yuri Volkov issued a referendum on annexation into Sedalia. With a total of 94% "for" votes, Sedalia then proceeded to annex Velaria as an autonomous republic on September 23rd, 1996, with Volkov becoming it's governor. Velaria then became an official province of Sedalia in July of 2004.

pre-1990s
Neo-colonialism had just swept the world by storm, and European empires were having their territories secede or separate from what used to be their protectors and guardians. The poverty-stricken colonial civilisation of 南橡 (nán xiàng) or Nanxiang, which directly translates into its modern name, was no different. The British Empire, to the people, had merely just pillaged the land, treated the people like utter scum, and ran off with the goods for trade revenue. In the end, after a bloody riot, the country seceded and changed its' name to Southoak in order to try to erase some of the bad memories that were stuck in their heads for so long.

2003
The land was acquired by the MRT Corporation, which later turned into a full-fledged sovereign state in 2012 when Frumple took over the helm. The people of Southoak were in favour of this decision., but still continued to suffer under poor living conditions for 15 more painful and excruciating years.

2018
PeacemakerX5 was travelling on the newly built Southern Line, and saw a civilisation at SW8. He had already been assigned to redevelop the plains above SW8 into a city of his own, to better connect that corner of the world. He saw the civilisation and took pity on the bloodshed that once was, and took the land for future redevelopment. A few attap houses were changed into modern houses, and people started to see hope once again. They celebrated at the hills together, and ate at the Delights Café he opened up as a quick shack to bring comfort to the locals.

2019-2020
PeacemakerX5 was very busy with developing his new city, Peacopolis, and it was developing rapidly, and Southoak couldn't hold up its' big brother up north anymore. He gave ktkren777 the responsibility of completely changing the town, and he quickly got to work by demolishing and relocating people to the first residential district of Little Kyoto. The financial district, split into two parts and called the Central District and Central District 2 quickly gave rise to new and more professional jobs for the people, including being office workers in the corporate world, being entrepreneurs and establishing new franchises around the city, and working in the service industry for the people by being doctors, nurses, lawyers, firemen and restaurant staff etc. Southoak is now a prosperous area where people flock to for business purposes, and also for a getaway from the bustling city life of Peacopolis. People that once had no access to food or even potable water and sanitation, now experience state-of-the-art public transportation, business venues such as world-class convention centres and stock exchanges, boasting some of the best in the region so far. It is certainly safe to say that Southoak has come a very long way. As the locals once used to say before 1990, Our spirit stronk.