The North South line (NSL) is a high-capacity Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) line in Singapore, operated by SMRT. Coloured red on the rail map, the line is 45 kilometres (28 mi) long and serves 27 stations, 11 of which, between the Bishan and Marina South Pier stations, are underground. It runs from Jurong East station, located in Western Singapore, to Marina South Pier station in the Central Area, via Woodlands station in northern Singapore. The line operates for 19 hours a day (from approximately 5:30 am to around midnight), with headways of up to 2 to 3 minutes during peak hours and 5 to 8 minutes during off-peak hours. All the trains on the North South Line run with a six-car formation.

It is the first MRT line to be built in Singapore, with the first section from Yio Chu Kang station to Toa Payoh station beginning service on 7 November 1987, followed by an extension southwards to Raffles Place station on 12 December the same year and northwards to Yishun station on 20 December 1988. After the southern extension to Marina Bay station opened on 4 November 1989, the North South line was formed and split from the East West line. In the 1990s, the line extended to the north and west connecting to the Branch line via Woodlands through the Woodlands line extension.

Since the 2010s, due to the ageing infrastructure of the North South Line (being the oldest and heavily utilised MRT line), significant improvements have been made on this line, such as the replacement of sleepers, third rail replacement and the introduction of new rolling stocks (the C151B and the C151C) to replace the older rolling stocks and increase passenger capacity. The North South Line is also the first line to have undergone a major re-signalling project, converting it from semi-automatic to fully automated operations in 2019. Other recent developments of the line include a new extension to Marina South Pier station on 23 November 2014 and a new infill station, Canberra station, on 2 November 2019. Two more infill stations (Brickland and Sungei Kadut stations) on the line are being planned and are set to be opened in the 2030s.



The East West line (EWL) is a high-capacity Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) line operated by SMRT, running from Pasir Ris station in the east to Tuas Link station in the west, with an additional branch between Changi Airport and Tanah Merah stations. It is the second Mass Rapid Transit line to be built in Singapore. The 57.2 kilometres (35.5 mi) line is currently the longest on the MRT network (this title will be given to the Cross Island line upon its complete opening by the 2040s), with 35 stations, 8 of which (from Lavender to Tiong Bahru and Changi Airport stations) are underground.[2] The line is coloured green on the rail map.

Constructed and opened as part of the North South line (NSL) in the early stages of development, the East West line is formed after the opening of the eastern extension to Tanah Merah in 1989. Nevertheless, till today, both lines used identical signalling equipment and rolling stock. The East West Line signalling systems have been upgraded along with the North South Line and is the second line to have its signalling upgraded completely, converting it from semi-automatic to fully automated operations.



The North East MRT line (NEL) is a high-capacity Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) line in Singapore. Operated by SBS Transit, it is the shortest MRT line at only 20 kilometres (12 mi). The line runs from HarbourFront station in southern Singapore to Punggol station in the northeast, serving 16 stations via Chinatown, Little India, Serangoon and Hougang. Coloured purple on official maps, it is the country's first fully automated underground rail line.

The third MRT line in Singapore, the NEL was conceptualised in the 1980s and 1990s. The line was planned to alleviate traffic congestion on the roads leading to the northeast suburbs. The alignment and stations were finalised in 1996. Completed at a cost of S$5 billion, the line began operations on 20 June 2003, with the exception of two stations. Buangkok station opened on 15 January 2006, and Woodleigh station began operations on 20 June 2011. A one-station extension to Punggol Coast station is under construction and expected to be completed in 2024.

Being driverless, the line adopts the moving-block Alstom Urbalis 300 CBTC signalling system. Two rolling stocks supplied by Alstom – C751A and C751C – runs the line, and are powered by an overhead catenary system. The NEL also saw the launch of the Art-in-Transit programme, with 18 artworks displayed across the 16 stations.



The Circle MRT Line (CCL) is a medium-capacity Mass Rapid Transit line in Singapore operated by SMRT Corporation. It runs in a currently incomplete loop from Dhoby Ghaut station in the city area of Singapore to HarbourFront station in the south via Bishan station in Central Singapore. It also has a branch to Marina Bay station from Promenade station, which will be extended to Harbourfront station in the future to form a complete loop. Coloured orange[2] on the rail map, the fully-underground line is 35.5 kilometres (22.1 mi) long with 30 stations. Travelling from one end of the line to the other takes about an hour.

The line is the fourth MRT line to be opened, with the first stage (from Bartley to Marymount stations) commencing operations on 28 May 2009 after delays due to the Nicoll Highway collapse. The next stage to Dhoby Ghaut station was completed on 17 April 2010 and the next stage to Harbourfront opened on 8 October 2011. A two-station extension to Marina Bay station was opened on 14 January 2012. The last stage of the line from Harbourfront to Marina Bay will be completed in 2026, completing the loop.

It is the second line in Singapore to be completely automated and driverless and is among the world's longest driverless rapid transit lines.[3] It is also the first medium capacity line in Singapore, with each Circle Line train, the C830 and C830C, having a three-car configuration.



The Downtown Line (DTL) is a medium-capacity Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) line in Singapore operated by the SBS Transit company. It runs from Bukit Panjang station in the north-west to Expo station in the east via the Central Area. Coloured blue on the rail map, the line serves 34 stations, all of which are underground.[2] The DTL is the fifth MRT line on the network to be opened and the third line to be entirely underground. It is the second MRT line to be operated by SBS Transit, after the North East Line.

Originally planned as three separate lines, the lines merged into the Downtown Line in 2007 and construction began in three stages. The first section, from Bugis to Chinatown station, opened in December 2013, followed by the second section from Bukit Panjang to Rochor station opening in December 2015. The third and final stage, from Fort Canning to Expo station, opened in October 2017. At 41.9 kilometres (26.0 mi), the DTL is currently[when?] the longest underground and automated rapid transit line in Singapore.[1] The train utilises the Bombardier Movia C951 which runs in a three-car formation on the line.

The line is set to be further extended in the 2020s. Stage 3e, an extension of the line to Sungei Bedok, is under construction and is scheduled to begin operations in 2024,[4] while a new infill station, Hume station, is planned to open in 2025.[5] An extension to connect with the North South line at Sungei Kadut station is also being planned and set to open in the 2030s.[6] When fully completed in 2025, the line will be about 44 kilometres (27 mi) long with 37 stations, and will serve more than half a million commuters daily.[7]



The Thomson–East Coast Line (TEL) is a medium-capacity Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) line in Singapore.[5] Coloured brown on the rail map, it is fully underground and, when complete, will serve 32 stations over 43 kilometres (27 mi) in length, becoming one of the world's longest driverless rapid transit lines. It runs along a combined north–south and east–west corridor, starting in the north at Woodlands town, passing through Upper Thomson and the towns of Ang Mo Kio and Bishan, before heading south to Orchard Road and Marina Bay, then running eastwards along the east coast through Kallang, Marine Parade and Bedok South, before ending at Upper East Coast.

The line was announced by the Land Transport Authority on 15 August 2014, merging the previously planned Thomson (TSL) and Eastern Region (ERL) lines. By then, construction of the Thomson Line had begun in January 2014. The line is set to be opened in 5 stages, with stage 1 (from Woodlands North to Woodlands South stations) which opened on 31 January 2020, stage 2 (from Springleaf to Caldecott stations) opened on 28 August 2021[6][7] and further stages up to stage 5 (from Bedok South to Sungei Bedok stations) opening between 2022 and 2025. In January 2019, an infill station Founders' Memorial station was announced, with the LTA considering to integrate the Changi Airport Branch into the TEL. When fully opened, it is expected to serve about 500,000 commuters daily in the initial years, rising to one million commuters daily in the long term. It is the fourth MRT line to be operated by SMRT Trains Ltd and also the fourth to be completely automated and driverless. The line is currently served by Mandai Depot, with another depot East Coast Integrated Depot opening in 2025, and services are operated by CT251 trains.[8]

New signage was introduced to all the stations along the Thomson-East Coast Line, which will see less text and more illustration instead. Moreover, all the MRT lines are now represented by their initials while the exits are represented numerically.[9]