I’m also on the fence about this. The city looks great with lots of details and the armour stand scenes really breathe life into the city. I would say that the scale just about tips it over the balance for Governor, but just barely. The consistent style is lovely and the rope bridge came out very nicely.

Echoing Frumple, I’d love to see more layers in the city as well as some more substantial exteriors. The builds you’ve placed near the airfield are a good start — stylistically cohesive with the rest of Porton while being more traditional buildings. If you continue with the more traditional builds, I think it might be worthwhile to look into expanding the exterior textures and palettes — vines of various types and whatnot — to maintain the rustic theme while also adding some variety to the exteriors. 




I like the amount of effort put into this city. It’s really consistent and different than a lot of the builds I’m used to seeing on the server. I would like to see a bit more depth to the city, but it’s enough for me to vote for.



I will vote "For", but just barely, and I can imagine other staff members may not agree. It's clear a lot of effort and detail has been put into this city. The addition of armor stand people really helps with the ambience and makes the city more "alive". The expansion to the east looks good, but I guess the question is whether it's enough for Governor and I think it barely satisfies this requirement.

For Premier, I would like to see the eastern area expanded vertically with more paths above or below the existing path, and also consider adding buildings or maybe a park to the very top of some of the spires, as right now they are rather empty. More traditional buildings with exteriors would also help fill out the city further.




Porton as a town is overall very good in terms of its design aesthetic. Its size and scale is quite small and similar to the votes above and below me. I think this place needs to grow a bit more before I could vote for this location as Governor. 



Missa and Frumple already wrote most of what I would say. I will say though that I disagree with them on this being enough scale - I think this is still a bit smaller than Governor, and I don’t think the other factors outweigh the scale enough for me to vote for promotion.



Wow Caravaca is truly marvellous, and it has grown a small bit since I've last seen it. The streets and plazas are really cozy and filled with vegetation and an occasional armor stand scene. I see some fake facades, but I think they are used wisely. Most places are furnished, and quite well as well. I’d like to see elevation changes being implemented a bit more into the newer parts of the city like it seems will happen. The river is quite a defining feature and I am of the opinion that it’s well implemented. 
It’s a bit on the small side, but i’d say well deserved Senator.




I’m really on the fence with Caravaca. On one hand, it doesn’t quite have the size and build count that other senator cities do, but on the other hand, the level of detail that you have put into your exterior design is simply stunning. If I walk around in the middle, I can easily imagine myself walking around a real town, although this ambience is spoiled slightly by the empty plots around the place.

In the end, I think I’ll just barely vote for. If you fill in the empty spaces between the clusters of builds and make it feel just a little bit more cohesive, then you’ll be well on your way to Governor and beyond.




I have been to this town a lot in the last year or such. It is honestly a great town that I can definitely recommend to be looked at least once. It’s build style and quality in its buildings are really amazing to be honest. However, for a senator sized town it is definitely a bit too small and I need to see some more buildings before I vote “For”.



You're on track to being a Lalaboy grade city with all the detail I see. As more detail can result in slower building. I think there is some time yet before you are of senator city size. It still looks too much of a village still. I would say double the overall size of the town and you would be senator then.  Remember you don’t have resource limits. So build something bigger with your parks and homes.  Also Majority of your town is on one Y level. You started building a larger building in the back even a few y levels in your town can add a lot of Depth to your town. Your close but not this time.



I’m really on the fence with Caravaca. On one hand, it doesn’t quite have the size and build count that other senator cities do, but on the other hand, the level of detail that you have put into your exterior design is simply stunning. If I walk around in the middle, I can easily imagine myself walking around a real town, although this ambience is spoiled slightly by the empty plots around the place.

In the end, I think I’ll just barely vote for. If you fill in the empty spaces between the clusters of builds and make it feel just a little bit more cohesive, then you’ll be well on your way to Governor and beyond.




I have been to this town a lot in the last year or such. It is honestly a great town that I can definitely recommend to be looked at least once. It’s build style and quality in its buildings are really amazing to be honest. However, for a senator sized town it is definitely a bit too small and I need to see some more buildings before I vote “For”.



You're on track to being a Lalaboy grade city with all the detail I see. As more detail can result in slower building. I think there is some time yet before you are of senator city size. It still looks too much of a village still. I would say double the overall size of the town and you would be senator then.  Remember you don’t have resource limits. So build something bigger with your parks and homes.  Also Majority of your town is on one Y level. You started building a larger building in the back even a few y levels in your town can add a lot of Depth to your town. Your close but not this time.



To echo others, the exterior design and the ambience of the town are tremendous. So much detail and hard work has been put into it. The interiors are better than they were when I last reviewed the town for Mayor, but there’s still some interiors lacking. Scale-wise I feel the town is just at the border of being Senator as well, and it would be helped by filling interiors. I think the rest of the aspects though are good enough to vote for a promotion.



This town strictly satisfies the building requirement, but buildings are very basic in terms of their exteriors. I would need to see a significant increase in quality and decorations for the builds to consider this for Senator. The other aspects of the city like terraforming and infrastructure are passable, but could also be improved. Because the town is quite spread out, I don't really get a sense of cohesion or a strong theme from the town, though more builds or higher-quality builds may address this.





I have to echo Frumple in saying that the town meets the bare minimum for scale and the builds aren’t incomplete, but they also are not very impressive. The biggest issue for me is that the town doesn’t feel like a cohesive town at all. The buildings are scattered about and there’s no real theme - it just feels like a bunch of small buildings that happen to be all in the same place. You don’t have to plan your town in a perfect grid, but you do have to make it feel like a town and it’s lacking that right now. Filling in some of the empty space in some way would be good in addressing that. There are also a couple terraforming issues around the roads, although not a lot.



As the others have said, Ponton Pier doesn’t really feel cohesive or city-like just yet. Your interiors are quite good and you seem to have integrated it well into the landscape, but your builds are quite small and spaced out.

In order to be promoted next time, you should focus on filling in a lot of the empty spaces with more interesting and irregularly-shaped buildings.




Looks like a good start but looks to be just the number of buildings. There is some ambience. I would go back and work on some landscaping. It’s good that you didn’t just put everything on one Y level. Though I would suggest not leaving to just a road and single wide paths.  





Ponton Pier is quite big in footprint, but if you look just at the built-up area it’s quite tiny because there’s so much unaltered and in my opinion unfinished land in between builds. Where there are clusters of buildings, they are often bland or boxy. I do think you gave a good eye to infrastructure, and while i see a couple odd roads, most seem to be fairly logical and i like that there’s train lines.



I really like what you’ve done with the outdoor space, tho inclines seem to be a bit of an issue with crosswalks and stuff. Please keep in mind that it’s okay to change the landscape to make it more buildable, as long as you keep it interesting, which you’ve been able to do so far. I like that you have both low and high density buildings, and that they’re centered around some kind of zones. I do however struggle a bit with the fact that all the skyscrapers are kinda same-y, which in a way isn’t bad, but the small footprint of many of the buildings means that the difference in layout might not be big, not even showing much of a difference between housing and offices. Also the difference between the low buildings and the highrise seems very sudden.



It meets the requirements for a typically Senator-sized city. The buildings in terms of design are really nice and I guess the one thing I would like to see is some variety with some skyscrapers but maybe that's a little bit much to ask.



Looks good. Size of the town in total seems on the small side of a Senator town.  Would suggest building some larger rooms in the buildings. 



It's a very standard Senator-sized city that meets the requirements. There's not much I think I can say about it, other than it is pretty typical with large and small builds, and there's nothing that stands out or seems unique here. This may become a bigger issue if you decide to bring this to Governor.



The only real issue that I saw with Ardaman is the scale. I think it barely clears the scale requirement for Senator, and I counted around 40 buildings too (although build counts do not determine scale alone). As others said it can be a bit generic but I do like the town, and I especially like some of the landscaping done with the river and the canal. Good work.



What you’ve built of the town on the different islands is really quite good. I think if there’s one thing i could tell you for Governor and possibly Premier, is that landscaping and possibly terraforming in the undeveloped areas around your built up area really adds a lot in the looks. Good example where you could add that is on Angalofa, and I think you’ve already started working on something similar on Kahau. Your use of player heads and armor stands really makes the island lively, keep it up!



As I’ve said before to you in my past reviews of the town, I like the ambience of the town a lot. It has a nice resort atmosphere, and the armor stands/heads/etc add a lot to the atmosphere of the town as well that makes it unique and sets it apart from other towns on the server.

Scale is definitely lacking, although not to such an extreme that I will deny the town from promotion. It definitely needs to be worked on though; do finish the buildings you have that are incomplete right now.




This is an interesting town that I had the pleasure to look through. I think for a sort of resort town, this is quite a sweet place to be if I'm being honest. 

For me, I respect the design and chill of the town as it feels like a sort of tropical utopia in such ways. I do wish for some more trees of unique design and I have seen that forest you did as well which is a fine and dandy edition. I’m glad to help on that section but I do wish it was more incorporated or a little bit closer feeling. 

In terms of terraforming, I think it is fine but does need a little bit more work and a bit of naturalizing the size of the town.  Scale is alright for this rank that it is going for and has overall a good ambience.
Protocol




The level of detail I've seen in this city is pretty spectacular, and it's clear a lot of effort has been put into interiors and decorations. The "vacation resort" theme and ambience comes together pretty strong.

If you are going for Governor, more builds or larger builds would be the way to go, but I can see that could compromise the small-town chill vibe of this place. Maybe a focus on more landmarks, tourist attractions, or unique builds might work.



You’ve clearly put a lot of effort into this town, and while it might not be the largest, your level of detail and ambience certainly make up for it. You’ve also integrated the buildings really well into the landscape, which is quite impressive, however as others have alluded to the landscape is quite unnatural in places (though it’s clear that the area is being worked on).



Porton has a delightful feel of a mix of rustic cave dwellings and modern amenities. It almost reminds me of the settlements that some Native American societies carved into cliffs in the Utah/Arizona/New Mexico desert. The town works in absolutely perfect concert with the challenging landscape and you’ve adopted an incredibly creative way to work with, rather than against, the cliffs. The layout of the town feels pleasantly organic with the meandering pockmarked paths and there is a very healthy amount of variation both with the limited exterior elements (doors, windows, buttons for texture) and the interiors. The Solis Amphitheatre makes excellent use of the natural cave there (though I might be a little biased :P). Looking forward to seeing how you continue to develop Porton, should you choose to do so!



When looking through this town previously, I didn’t quite have the impression of how a town carved alongside a mountain/cave would be pulled off. I saw previous towns that did this in not the best way possible, but this town is different. 

Porton pulls from the sort of rustic and late nineteenth century explore design that reminds me of things that the British did in the Gulf of Mexico on certain islands. It has a good mixture between the environment and the man-made structures (aka the homes, shops and stuff). Maybe add a little bit more vegetation but that's just me! Also, I love this sort of adventurous exploration this town gives me if I’m being honest!

Hope to see more of it soon and its development!  
-Protocol




I really like the amount of detail in the stores and houses, the AST work has been done brilliantly. The terraforming looks how the landscape in Minecraft should probably look like. It feels nicely alive. 



Pretty amazing use of the landscape. I like it a lot when towns integrate into the landscape and have innovative ideas like this. I was a bit iffy on the scale but I think you have enough builds to have the scale of a Senator city albeit on the smaller side, but make sure to build out more.



A very unique town that is well-integrated into its cliffside environment. There's certainly a lack of work on building exteriors because of its environment, but the detailed interiors more than make up for that.

If this city were to go for Governor, I'm not entirely sure what would be needed.  I think The scale and expansion would have to increase quite a bit with many more paths and adobes. Some more unique buildings with perhaps actual exteriors that stand out might also help.




The city is just over the threshold in my mind for governor. I like how most of the areas of Orio and the area to the north between Armada and Orio have been integrated into Waterville further. I’d say as you continue to move forward I’d definitely look at (-4520, -5720) as an area that can be further terraformed to develop. I’d also work to make sure all of your buildings are fully fleshed out as you go for Premier. Congratulations on your progress though!



This town has improved significantly since I last reviewed it, I appreciate that the northern areas have been redone and are much nicer now. I love how the town is built with its surroundings, especially in the southern area. My only qualm is the terraforming, as there’s a large, although somewhat terraformed, landscar in the northeast corner of town that should be fixed at some point.  



Waterville has grown a ton since I last looked at it, I’m impressed! There’s a few things with the landscaping that I’d like to see fixed, namely in the northeast. Beyond that, I think a bit more variation would be nice, but it’s nothing serious enough for me to vote against.



I was very impressed by Waterville. I had never seen the city entirely, only bits of it during brief visits. Now that I had plenty of time to explore it, I can say that I am a huge fan of how you’ve integrated mountains into your city instead of removing them. Other than that, the city looks planned (which is good) and the materials are very well chosen to suit the mountain environment. However, I was a little reluctant to vote for a promotion because of some landscars and the simplicity of the landmark, so these might be elements you can work on to improve Waterville. 



I feel like Waterville is one of those towns I’ve always meant to visit but never got around to actually stopping by and I’m definitely not underwhelmed. You have a nice ambiance going, and I get sort of a planned spontaneity vibe with the nice way you’ve woven the town around all the mountains. I’d love to see completed interiors in a few buildings sprinkled around and I wonder if there’s a way to make the mini-golf course in the southeast corner of the city feel more integrated with the rest of it. Overall, nice work.



So this is a really good start! I feel like I was judging super critically just because I know it can make so many of the standards I have mentally set and so some of the scores may reflect that. For one, there’s large areas behind the city that look like a mountain or something is going to be there but at this time looks like it is floating which was good to see you’re continuing progress but that felt a bit egregious. Also a couple parts felt somewhat disconnected from the main area at the warp. But overall this is a really strong yes, those are just things to think about going forward.



This is definitely a town that I have been looking at for the last couple of weeks as like a town who can hit multiple marks in terms of an amazing town. Those being in Terraforming, Build Style, Uniques and Planning. 

Caprica fills in those slots very much well and I really do hope to see this town become the next premier in one way or another. One thing of course that I do want to see that you noted is the piece of land in the back of the town that you're trying to figure out what to use it for. I would say look at real world places such as Monte Carlo or the French Riviera for some examples and even like Sardina in Italy for some builds or places. 

Keep doing what you're doing with this town!




Caprica is a wonderful town. The landscaping is truly outstanding and the atmosphere is extremely realistic. The usage of curves and diagonals everywhere is very impressive, and in the heart of the town, my eyes were delighted no matter where they looked. Something however that is a bit  negative, many builds are not furnished or completed towards the edge of the town. I know this is only temporary because your town will grow and these buildings are going to be completed, and the completed part of the town is too good for me to vote against promotion. 

Good job Tonster__, your town is amazing.




I was impressed with Caprica when I first saw it quite a while ago, and I am still impressed by it now. The only things that I really have problems with are places with incomplete buildings/terraforming which is really a result of the town being an in-progress work rather than being finished - and I don’t see very much egregious there either. Keep up the good work.



Largely echoing what others have said. Charming and gorgeous town with a good amount of detail. Some unfinished interiors remain, but seeing as this is very much a work in progress, I don’t have a problem voting For. Looking forward to seeing where you take Caprica.



It was very hard to vote on Itavanga. At first, I wanted to vote against because the town is very small. If Itavanga is not promoted, I think that more builds will help a lot to get Senator next time. However, I was astonished by the quality of the whole town. Nothing was left out. Trees, interiors, exteriors, animals, vegetation, everything has been taken care of. Materials have been carefully chosen to respect the general palette of the town. For all these reasons, I am voting for a promotion, even if Itavanga is relatively small for Senator.



I am also oh-so close to voting For. The ambience and general design of Itavanga is excellent, and I really love the life and detail that the armorstand people bring to the town. Like Skele has said, my concern lies within the scale. What you’ve done with the town makes it very tempting to vote For, but I do think Itavanga needs to be larger. Keep doing exactly what you’ve been doing as you flesh out the other areas of the islands and you’ll be golden.



This has improved quite a bit since the last time I looked at it, but it’s just a bit too small to clear the bar for Senator. You really just need more of what you’ve got.



You’ve got a lot going for you right now - as others have said, just add in more to the scale side and fledge out what you’ve built, and you’ll be a really viable candidate.



I’m honestly on the fence on Itavanga. The town has seen a lot of progress since I last reviewed it in July, and I am very impressed at the work that has been put into it. I wanted to vote it to become Senator so much because of this...but I feel that scale is still an issue. It’s very close to being at the Senator level, and I *probably* would vote it into Senator if the rest of Kahau was developed and the unfinished buildings on Angalofa were completed. 



Landscars are still there but much much better than last time. (I apologize for not being able to work on it in the past month.) I’m glad that work has been done on that, but there’s still more work to be done so keep working on it.

The rest of the town is fairly good. My only complaint is some empty spaces still remain, but not enough for me to vote against. The theme of the town as being like the Forbidden City is very unique and I like the execution of it. Buildings are well designed as well and the planning seems to be shaping up. Overall keep up what you’ve been doing with the town.




I really appreciate how you’ve stuck with a single style throughout the town yet have made it still interesting to look at. It’s really charming and pleasing to look at from above with what looks like pretty meticulous planning and conscious build placement.

My main criticism is really what you’ve mentioned as a work-in-progress: terraforming. The landscars around the town look much better than before, so keep going in that direction. I agree with your comments that the vast expanses of grass could use some love and care — some “intentional landscaping” if you will. Bone meal is great, so please do continue with that, but maybe consider adding some additional texture — the occasional cobblestone or gravel block, or even some water, just to give some visual variation.

Great work on this undoubtedly unique town.




Definitely an eye catcher for a town with a unique and interesting take of the Forbidden City. I can see that you're still consistent and working hard on this town when you showed it to me before. Hope to see this place rise and become the best it can be!
Here are some things you can definitely improve on for this town. One of the things that I think you need to address is the landscars, which is something that needs to be worked on. It can be fixed quite easily in certain areas in the south, although I know that was recently built. Another thing is some of the spots and some of the buildings that are empty that you should at least get filled in with things relative to the period or design of those buildings. 

Other than that, keep up the good work and make this place the best!




I don’t really have much to say other than to echo what the others have said. I really like the unique vibe of this city, but I think the terraforming and landscars are an issue. All things considered though, it does enough to be promoted to Senator in my books.



The scale of the city is hard to comprehend. Also the immense dedication to build a city in the same style is mind-boggling. Everything is orderly but it all seems a bit too orderly which is kinda disappointing and disorienting. Also, there’s no elevation differences in the land.. Other than that, it checks all the boxes and I think once you build the outer town, terraform a bit more and maybe add details on the huge amount of lawns that the city would be really great. Also, please furnish a lot more, a bed and a kitchen aren’t the only things in a home.



I think this is a pretty good revision at least from the last time that I’ve seen it, and the improvements look fantastic! I would say try to definitely fill in some of the areas and make it not just paralleling the MRT lines, and add some more going North/South.



You’ve really done a great job at planning out this town. I like how it’s organised into four distinct districts and your exteriors are excellent. There’s nothing much else to say really, except that for Governor you should definitely fill in those empty spaces. Otherwise, nice job :)



The organization, the build quality, the scale, the build style… pretty much all the ingredients you need for the Senator rank are there! As you grow, continue to fill in the gaps between the buildings, and I look forward to seeing how The Giant Potato™ gets used as a landmark (or whatever).



I’m a big fan of the town, especially the many intricate details. Going forward, I think labelling your roads would really help in order to keep orientation, as well as making the best of those empty green patches still scattered around (as well as one or two missing interiors). The latter ends up making the town not feel as coherent as it could – otherwise, you’ve done a really great job and I’m happy to vote for!



Good town all around. Don’t have much more to say on top of what others said. I loved seeing the integration into the landscape, and I wish more towns were willing to keep hills and mountainous areas like you are. Keep up the good work.



I do think that Pixl just about satisfies the scale requirement for governor, however the landscars around the edges of the city and the empty spaces within really let it down. The central part feels just like a Governor city but as you fly out the buildings become more and more sparse.

Fix the landscars, fill the spaces and you’re good to go :)




I think the city is fairly good for Governor except for the terraforming issues. Once that’s fixed, I think it’s in the bag.



In my opinion, Pixl is a wonderful city, and I really had a hard time choosing whether to vote for or against. Let’s start with the good stuff. Pixl is big enough to be governor, the exteriors are detailed and the presence of non-cubic builds is a huge plus. Interiors are a bit stacked in some buildings, but given their height, it’s hard to furnish everything without WorldEdit. On a more personal level, I really like the ambience of the city, and I’ve never visited something that had the same ‘’vibe’’ as Pixl, and I really like that. However, Pixl has some characteristics that I think need a bit more improvement before getting promoted to Governor: some landscars (-6494 80 792), the fact that Dorval is very far away from the rest of the city, and finally some wide spaces of grass that break the continuity of the downtown. 

I think Pixl is very near Governor, and with more terraforming and filling of the empty grass spaces, there is a high chance that I vote for next time. Good luck and thank you for building this wonderful city!




Looking around, one of the first things that I see is that Dorval which is a part of Pixl doesn’t feel like a part of Pixl, because it is seperated by quite a big military base, which makes it stand out quite a bit, almost as if it is another town. If you look in the city center, it seems as if it’s all highrise but it really dwarfs the parts where there’s no highrise at all. The exteriors are generally pretty good, tho the interiors look all stacked. I like that you added trees on empty bits of land in your city, but there’s a few buildings that have just unedited grass around them. There’s also quite a few places around your city where there’s empty half mowed by w/e plots of land, especially the landscar in the north. I personally think your city is ready to try again when the terraforming is fixed. Also either splitting off Dorval as it is pretty standalone or better incorporating it into your town with public transport and more buildings and infrastructure would be a welcome addition to make the city more worthy of governor.



Landscars. As others have said, there’s just too much of it for Pixl to get Governor quite yet. There’s also a couple floating highways/railways in the east - I don’t know if they’re under construction or not, but they should have pillars on them as well.

If the landscars were fixed, I would have no problem voting Pixl for Governor.




Town is of sufficient size, I like the density of the downtown area and especially the two-layer section of road. The main issue with this town is the terraforming, there are multiple areas on the outskirts that are borderline landscars. I’d like to see these fixed before you run for governor.



I think it’s a pleasant city that is good for Senator. The only thing that really sticks out the me is the road downtown on 1 block thick stilts. I see what you are going for with urban stacking roads but I think the supports should have a small design rework. Aside from that, greenery is fairly relaxing as you walk/fly around.



This is a pleasant beach city with a variety of high-quality builds. It satisfies the scale requirements for and I don't see any significant terraforming issues. If you're going for Governor, just continue to expand and fill out some of the empty areas, like the rooftop gardens or the plaza.



The builds look very nice and I can tell that you put a lot of effort into them. I also appreciate the diversity between districts, and how you are able to differentiate between them yet still integrate them well into the broader city. Terraforming is good as well. I still see a couple unfinished builds but that can’t be helped for a city that is in progress; just make sure to finish these and continue the good work that you have done so far.



I love the variety of styles you’re exhibiting in this town and the way you’ve handled the contrast between the high rises and the lower density dwellings. Some of the landscaping is really lovely, but out by all of the houses in particular, the reclaimed shoreline seems a bit artificial, as does the general flatness of that area. Although sometimes stacked, the interiors are well done. The road layout does what it should do and the tram in the main part of the city is a nice touch. All together a very charming city that is worthy of Senator.



The town looks fairly nice. In typical Mojang fashion, stacked skyscrapers are scattered throughout with hints of mojang culture spread in. My main gripe is it’s a little on the tiny end but I still think it’s good enough for senator.



The interiors are complete, and tho stacked, every building has a different layout, which is a nice touch. Exterior wise a very strong town, no real lacking buildings. Landscaping is done well, but the terraforming in quite a few places isn’t there yet, both in quays as in vanilla hills. The roads can feel a bit chaotic sometimes, but except for Arbor Hamlet, the roads are all the same style which is a plus. Size is about what I expect from a senator town and the ambiance is really nice at places like the library and at the Creek. The rest of the square at the library and Bukit Hijau Road however show simply a road. All in all, a worthy senator city.



This town has what it takes to be senator, however I’ve knocked down the terraforming score due to the multiple somewhat empty plots around town. Other than this, the town is looking good, with the usual high quality I’ve come to expect from a Mojang town.



I was actually somewhat on the fence on this one because the scale was on the smaller side. However, the buildings do have a lot of work put in them as does the planning, which creates the ambience of a smaller town. There still is some work to go on terraforming but not a whole lot. Overall even if it is on the smaller side, it is a Senator city in my opinion.



Mainly going to echo other comments. It’s a nice town, with clear effort that makes up for its smaller size. The landscaping that looks consciously done is great and I’m not seeing glaring landscars. I’d like to see some of the empty plots filled in a bit as well, or at least purposefully landscaped. Interiors are stacked, but well done, and there is a healthy variety of exterior styles. Layout and planning appears logical. I’d say it’s Senator-worthy as well.



This is a cool town with a fantastic "orderly" aesthetic, and I would be voting "For", however I noticed around the edges of the town walls, there are significant landscars that have not been fixed. Until these landscars are addressed, I cannot vote "For". The rest of the town looks great though.



As much as this town is great, in terms of organization, the landscaping is austere to the point of being nonexistent.



The build quality, size, and planning of this town is good, but the terraforming and landscaping is rather subpar. I’d be for this town if you’d fix the landscars on the outskirts of the town, and if you landscaped the large grass areas around town instead of just having flat grass.



The town is a cool concept and I love the size that it has achieved. However, as many have said, the landscaping isn’t very good. It’s like a meat cleaver chopped the landscape around the edge of your walls. I will agree with Echo on up’ing the detail on landscaping however I will applaud the areas of detail when they do exist. I enjoyed the small garden and loved the stroll through it.



I must echo others that the terraforming is far below the standard of what would be expected on the server. Please fix those landscars as soon as you can.

If the landscarring was put aside this would be an easy For vote though. The only real complaint I have is that some (but not a lot) of buildings lack furnishing. The theme of the town is cool, planning is excellent, and the buildings are all well made and obviously have a lot of work put into them.




This is the first time I've reviewed Bristol, and it certainly does things differently than most other Senator towns I've reviewed. The town definitely blows the scale requirements out of the water, but it doesn't meet most of the other requirements IMO. While there is certainly some variety in builds, I'm not a fan of the basic "rectangular cube" with big windows and flat roofs design that seems to be prevalent in most builds. I would like to see more details, decorations, or even different shapes in these builds. Skyscrapers also fall in this trap, and a lot of them seem rather unrealistic given how thin they are. Some of the rail systems are also propped with unrealistically high pillars. There's also a lack of landscaping decoration around buildings and roads, which makes the grassy areas feel very generic and artificial. I'm also not a fan of the haphazard road system, and it does contribute to making the town look very disorganized. The one positive I can say is that interiors do seem to be decorated for the most part.

In a lot of cases for other Senator towns, if the town has enough scale and buildings, I'd be willing to overlook some of these deficiencies and promote anyway. However, there are simply too many issues with exterior build quality, landscaping, planning, and realism for me to do so here.




This town is extremely large, but as others have said the quality leaves much to be desired. I’m glad most buildings have interiors, but their exteriors are typically just boxes placed haphazardly upon the landscape. The infrastructure is seemingly random as well, with roads going every which way with little planning. There are significant landscars around the town, with large areas flattened and turned to grass or ice. I appreciate the effort put in to make this town large but there needs to be a significant reconstruction for this town to get senator.



Got the scale no problem - though the buildings themselves are quite different than other Senator cities. I hope you take the advice listed in the other comments, especially with terraforming and the boxy builds - I would rather see the existing buildings improved rather than additional land created if you had to choose between those.



This town is much bigger than when I last reviewed it, which is appreciated. However, it seems that the feedback of the poor terraforming was ignored, and this remains the most significant problem in my opinion. Also, while you have built new buildings, they have done little to improve on the quality of builds, which was another major issue with this town’s promotion.

Working with the land is an absolute must. Right now, you seem to be prioritizing creating land to meet your buildings, but this results in staggering cliffs and awkward cutouts between land and water. When you do edit land to meet your needs, smooth out the distance between with a gradual increase and decrease. Right now your terrain is very blocky, and in addition to being poor terraforming, it brings down the ambience of the town.



Scale-wise, this city is there, my issue, and the issues of most other staff reviewing this town, as of build quality and ambiance. This city feels like an old-world town, with cuboid buildings and walkways that don’t seem like they should be there. I’d say the city seems like buildings and paths placed onto the landscape, rather than in the landscape. Unfortunately, it’s an against from me.



This no vote is based on a lot of smaller issues and not one big one. Most of the buildings have very plain exteriors, and I saw lots of buildings with minimal interiors, although the scale does make up for this. The road network does look a little bit unplanned, and the clusters of builds in the south don’t make a lot of sense to me as you haven’t really developed the land in between those and the main city area. I couldn’t easily find your landmark, which is an important part of a Governor city. There are also some significant terraforming issues; builds and roads are built over ice and not land, roads are floating, there are portions you can swim under, and a walking path crosses a body of water with 90 degree angle dirt that extends to the end of the bay. I think a little bit of growth is needed in all of these areas.



...I did not realize Miu Wan was anywhere close to being this big, to the point where it feels less like a governor city and more of a soon to be premier city. The effort and work you’ve put into the city is abundantly clear, and I think you’ve done a wonderful job in that.

Ultimately I feel like you’ve focused so much on size that you’ve skipped over smaller details that turn a city from a cold network of steel towers, to a bustling, living organism. Parts of Miu Wan definitely have this already, such as the core area of downtown, but many parts would strongly benefit from just a little bit of attention.

As Frumple said, there’s some issues with roads floating, so I’m not going to mention those much. What I will mention, though, are the little patches of development screaming for just a little more to be done. The small, empty plaza at (-2319 67 -9268), would benefit very much from a tree or some benches, to make it feel cozy, rather than an empty space you go through, if that makes sense. You do have many little spaces like this so far, which is wonderful, but more is always good. ^^

Overall, you’ve got a solid city here, with a few problems that aren’t quite enough to deter it from governor. You’ll most certainly need to fix these to cross the premier barrier, though.



This city is definitely big enough, but there are a few issues that I think hold this town back. With how spread out the city is, it really feels like it may have been several smaller towns, rather than one cohesive city. I think something to make everything feel connected more would go a long way to make the town feel more cohesive. Additionally, the terraforming issues are really something I think precludes this town becoming Governor rank. There’s areas with land-bridges that would look better as actual bridges, and areas with dirt cliffs that would look better more sloped or at least retained with a wall. I do like the city, so this is a lot of nitpick, but it’s just on this side of For for me.



Like Frumple said, the scale and effort are definitely there. You have a nice variety of buildings and builds in the town. Interiors are fairly well done; I just wish that some of them were less obviously //stack-ed. At times, the roads seem a little excessive and not every road seems to serve a clear purpose, but the road network definitely serves the entire city. The town is also a bit spread out and so I think some work could be done to make everything feel more cohesive. My biggest concern is some of the terraforming and landscaping. Miu Wan follows and respects the landscape quite well in many parts, but areas around the port and some roads are floating. With roads, some embankments could be nice and the port could just use some plain old retaining walls. There’s also a path going across some water that’s sitting on a giant slab of dirt. I personally would prefer a bridge as to not cut off a section of the water, but if we’re going with the embankment route, I might try to make it more subtle with some slopes rather than just a block of dirt. Overall, Miu Wan is a nice city, so these are just some things to keep in mind as you work towards Premier.



In terms of scale and effort involved, I think Miu Wan satisfies the requirement for Governor. There is a high number and variety of buildings, and interiors are quite populated for the most part. The weakest parts of the town I think is the road network, it looks rather haphazard and not planned out. It definitely does not look pleasant to see on Dynmap. There are also landscaping issues like the floating ports, which still has not been addressed even from Senator, so please fix ASAP.
